plot : two teen couples go to a church party , drink and then drive . they get
the happy bastard ' s quick movie review damn that y2k bug . it ' s got a
it is movies like these that make a jaded movie viewer thankful for the invention of the timex
" quest for camelot " is warner bros . ' first feature - length , fully - animated
synopsis : a mentally unstable man undergoing psychotherapy saves a boy from a potentially fatal accident and then
capsule : in 2176 on the planet mars police taking into custody an accused murderer face the title
so ask yourself what " 8mm " ( " eight millimeter " ) is really all about .
that ' s exactly how long the movie felt to me . there weren ' t even nine
call it a road trip for the walking wounded . stellan skarsg ? rd plays such a convincingly
plot : a young french boy sees his parents killed before his eyes by tim roth , oops
best remembered for his understated performance as dr . hannibal lecter in michael mann ' s forensics thriller
janeane garofalo in a romantic comedy -- it was a good idea a couple years ago with the
and now the high - flying hong kong style of filmmaking has made its way down to the
a movie like mortal kombat : annihilation works ( and must be reviewed on ) multiple levels .
she was the femme in " la femme nikita . " he was the baldwin in " backdraft
john carpenter makes b - movies . always has ( " halloween , " " escape from new
i ' m really starting to wonder about alicia silverstone . sure , she is one of the
so what do you get when you mix together plot elements from various successful sci - fi films
the law of crowd pleasing romantic movies states that the two leads must end up together by film
mighty joe young blunders about for nearly twenty minutes before we actually get to see a great big
" spawn " features good guys , bad guys , lots of fighting , bloody violence , a
" in dreams " might keep you awake at night , but not because of its creepy imagery
" knock off " is exactly that : a cheap knock off of an action movie . it
" snake eyes " is the most aggravating kind of movie : the kind that shows so much
forgive the fevered criticism but the fervor of the crucible infects . set in 1692 at salem ,
one might expect a cathartic viewing experience walking into a new jean - luc godard film . after
america loves convenience . after all , we ' re the culture that invented the cell phone ,
reindeer games is easily the worst of the three recent films penned by ehren kruger ( scream 3
a follow - up to disney ' s live - action " 101 dalmatians " that ' s
one - sided " doom and gloom " documentary about the possible annihilation of the human race as
play it to the bone , the newest addition to ron shelton ' s sports - themed repertoire
some movies i should just skip . my daughter and i had a really vile time at my
hong kong cinema has been going through a bad spell . the last few productions have been effect
i wish i could have been in the pitch meeting for this ridiculous notion of a sports film
if you ' re into watching near on two hours of bored , foul - mouthed florida teens
sean connery stars as a harvard law professor who heads back into the courtroom , by way of
among multitude of erotic thrillers , that had been released in the early 1990s , woman of desire
" lake placid " marks yet another entry in the series of " predator pics " that were
capsule : where are you tonight , leni rienfenstal ? starship troopers is an expensive , hateful and
the classic story & the production which ruined it marking the centennial anniversary of the 1896 h .
lengthy and lousy are two words to describe the boring drama the english patient . great acting ,
out of sight director steven sorderbergh baffles the hell out of us all in the limey , a
a pseudo - intellectual film about the pseudo - intellectual world of art magazines , high art is
" party camp , " is one of the most mindnumbingly brainless comedies i ' ve seen in
i ' m currently accepting all future names for drew barrymore characters . in _the wedding singer_ ,
when it comes to the average teenage romantic comedy , i expect negative reviews from critics left and
all through its production and into the early days of its initial , aborted pre - release publicity
instinct is the kind of movie that inexperienced moviegoers will undoubtedly label as " powerful " or "
sydney lumet is the director whose work happens to be of varied quality . he is praised for
" the world on land -- it ' s just too big for me . " starring tim
my giant is two movies for the price of one , but neither is worth the cost of
talk about a movie that seemed dated before it even hit the theaters ! spice world is the
this feature is like a double header , two sets of clich ? s for the price of
one of the responses those that enjoy " detroit rock city " ( probably kiss fans , mostly
has it really been two decades since walter matthau coached the bad news bears ? nineteen years and
funny how your expectations can be defeated , and not in good ways . the ghost and the
unfortunately it doesn ' t get much more formulaic than one tough cop . there ' s the
supposedly based on a true story in which the british drive to build a rail bridge deep in
of course i knew this going in . why is it that whenever a tv - star makes
louie is a trumpeter swan with no voice . in order to woo his lady love serina ,
one of the most respected names in american independent filmmaking is john sayles . he has built a
' traffic violation ' dr . daniel ' s review of u - turn dr . d '
there are two things the american film industry should avoid at all costs . one is letting an
would you believe -- in real life , i mean -- that if you were julia roberts ,
rated : r for strong violence , language , drug use , nudity , and some sexuality .
movie reviewers have an obligation to see the good , the bad , and the despicable . i
mr . nice guy is the latest jackie chan film , so you should know what to expect
" first rule of fight club is , don ' t talk about fight club . " this
note to screenwriters and self : when you hit the big time , and the studios come knocking
the recent onslaught of film noir that has popped up in multiplexes , with everything ranging from "
it rocks - actually , lots of rocks fly at us or from us , in slow or
there ' s a 1 , 000 - foot tidal wave at the end of deep impact .
" there will be another , " the ads for this sequel proclaimed , and why not ?
late in down to you , the lead female character ( julia stiles ) states her greatest fear
for better or worse , the appearance of basic instinct in the movie marketplace gave the greenlight to
it was with great anticipation that i sat down to view braveheart last week as it premiered on
susan granger ' s review of " the watcher " ( universal ) just what we need :
ahh yes . the teenage romance . an attractive young cast is pitted into an unlikely scenario that
" virus " is the type of cliched , vacuous film that has been recylcled so many times
over 40 years ago , a japanese production company called toho introduced the land of the rising sun
before the remake of psycho appears , we ' ve got to suffer through this remake of an
coinciding with the emerging popularity of movies that deal with anything related to serial killers , relentless ,
edward burns tackles his third picture with no looking back , and like his previous two , it
i don ' t expect much from eddie murphy these days . for the past four years ,
brian de palma , the director who bought us carrie , dressed to kill and mission : impossible
it ' s now the anniversary of the slayings of julie james ' ( jennifer love hewitt )
lucas was wise to start his star wars trilogy with episode 4 : episode 1 is a boring
five girls spend a day in a closed building doing inventory when a strange box gets delivered there
the first film produced by adam sandler ' s happy madison production company ( clever title eh ?
tectonic plates is an incredibly painful motion picture experience that nearly prompted me to walk out 20 minutes
various films seen at the seattle film festival : it ' s all true / three men on
capsule : the weakest and least engaging of the alien movies , dragged down by an uninvolving story
" from the director of " the nightmare before christmas " it said in the previews , which
numerous comparisons can be made with this movie to past sci - fi , suspense thrillers . soldier
a documentary from the twin hughes brothers , allen and albert ( dead presidents , menace ii society
gord brody ( tom green ) is an aspiring animator approaching thirty who still lives in parents jim
much ado about nothing . ah , how sweet the irony ! it ' s accepted wisdom in
another formula ' feel good ' quirky comedy from the british isles , much like " waking ned
" love to kill " starts off aimlessly and gets progressively less coherent as time passes . at
whether you like the beatles or not , nobody wants to see the bee gee ' s take
warning : spoilers are included in this review . . . but it doesn ' t really make
my first press screening of 1998 and already i ' ve gotten a prime candidate for my worst
ever since wargames , the first real computer hacking movie , hollywood has attempted to produce more and
if there ' s one thing i just can ' t stand , it ' s a film
this is not a simple plan about finding a plane load of money and getting away with the
based on the 1960s tv series that i had never seen or heard of before this movie (
in the line of duty is the critically praised series of television movies dealing with the real -
* * * the following review contains spoilers * * * " it ' s just . .
" practical magic , " is a film that is so misguided in so many ways that it
nearly every film tim burton has directed has been an homage to the horror genre -- " frankenweenie
annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) , a widow who struggles to raise her children in a small
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . i
the sequel to the fugitive ( 1993 ) , u . s marshals is an average thriller using
one of the contributors to the destruction of the batman film franchise chris o ' donnell stars in
the happy bastard ' s quick movie review holy man more like holy crap . the film stars
forget get carter . instead . . . get me a cup of coffee . what the hell
a remake of the 1978 warren beatty vehicle " heaven can wait " ( which in turn was
what would you do if no one could see you ? well , if you ' re a
roger ebert asks in his review of sexy beast , " who would have guessed that the most
apparantly money talks . . . and uses quite a bit of obscenities doing so ! i '
starting with the little mermaid and most recently the lion king , the walt disney company once again
plot : upon the realization that they are failing all of their classes , two roommates try to
when respecting a director , you must also respect the fact that they are not perfect . woody
you don ' t need to have seen the original " species " to appreciate how utterly lousy
" something is fishy in the state of universal . " about ten years back , with the
this season needs another serial killer movie like kathie lee gifford needs more public devastation . but lo
plot : a separated , glamorous , hollywood couple must pretend to reunite for a press junket of
some talented actresses are blessed with a demonstrated wide acting range while others , almost as gifted ,
susan granger ' s review of " ghosts of mars " ( sony pictures entertainment ) horror auteur
plot : based on the wildly popular " jerry springer " tv show , this movie follows the
i never understood what the clich ? " hell on earth " truly meant until very recently .
about an hour or so into " the jackal , " a character wandered around as people were
" showgirls " is the first big - budget , big - studio film to receive an nc
here ' s a concept -- jean - claude van damme gets killed within the first ten minutes
what makes reindeer games even more disappointing than just a predictable , lifeless action flick is the cast
( dreamworks skg ) running time : 2 hours starring robert duvall , tea leoni and elijah wood
seen may 2 , 1998 at 3 : 40 p . m . at the crossgates cinema 18
the only thing worse than watching a bad movie is realizing that the film had a lot of
my opinion on a film can be easily swayed by the presence of actors i love . i
if snake eyes were a dog , you ' d put it to sleep . if it was
the last line ( or near to that honor ) is the great butler , alfred ( the
writers : dennis feldman and jonathan hensleigh ( based on the comic book by chuck pfarrer ) starring
deuce bigalow ( rob schneider ) cleans fish tanks . yeah , i didn ' t know that
this is your definitive " hollywood " movie , extremely predictable , following the basic formula ( a
dead - bang , an action thriller starring don johnson , lives up to its dumb title ,
it was once said that in order to truly enjoy some of today  s movies or novels
" some houses are born bad , " goes the haunting ' s tag line , to which
play it to the bone is a punch - drunk mess of a movie . containing a good
i have no real tangible proof of this , but i swear that there are a lot of
when i originally saw the trailer for " analyze this " a few months ago , i must
jean - claude van damme movies tend to be , if nothing else , a lot of mindless
in " twilight , " a ex - alcoholic , ex - cop , ex - husband ,
there was probably a good reason that the warner bros . studio chose not to allow critics to
tom dicillo directs this superficial comedy about superficial people in superficial careers , all searching for deeper meaning
the ads for " batman and robin " scream " the event of the summer is here "
" gordy " is not a movie , it is a 90 - minute - long " sesame
senseless ( r ) marlon wayans is a very talented physical comedian , and it is that gift
a slight romantic comedy with a feminist bent , but one with no edge to it . it
if you ' re the kind of person who goes to see movies just because you long for
synopsis : when a meteorite crashlands in the arizona desert , community college professors ira kane ( duchovny
deceiver is a plot twist in search of a movie . this overly constructed film succeeds in having
this is the kind of movie that makes one appreciate disney ' s live - action george of
" desperate measures " is a generic title for a film that ' s beyond generic . it
robin williams is a comedic genus . that is , he is one when he ' s in
ever watch a very young child try and tell a joke that is beyond his , or her
what are we going to do with jim carrey ? viewers of television ' s " in living
there are some pretty impressive stars in lost in space - it ' s just that none of
so , it ' s thirty years later , and oscar and felix are together again . that
except for a few bright moments of good verbal comedy , that old feeling is embarrassing to sit
maybe this mission should have been scrubbed mission to mars a film review by michael redman copyright 2000
mulholland drive did very well at the cannes film festival . as you can see from the rating
ingredients : possessed plastic dolls in love , plastic dolls having sex starring : jennifer tilly , voice
watching the movie , i vowed to subtract half a star from the review because the filmmakers included
i was going to see ram shrasta on the big screen last night , but before that i
starship troopers is a bad movie . i mean , a really , really , bad movie .
capsule : one of the ten worst movies ever made . christopher lambert vs . evil ninjas in
hello kids . today the movie studios want to take over my critical review , and somehow persuade
deserves recognition for : achieving the near - impossible task of making a grander monument to self -
starring ben stiller , elizabeth hurley , maria bello , janeane garofalo screenplay by david veloz , based
the camera zooms in incredibly close . it focuses on the closed eyes of a person presumed dead
" goodbye , lover " sat on the shelf for almost a year since its lukewarm reception at
as with any gen - x mtv movie ( like last year ' s dead man on campus
nicolas cage comes up with an ingenious survival mechanism for his role in the wink - and -
a big house . a big director , jan de bont of speed and twister fame . a
it ' s always a bad sign when the core audience of a film -- children -- are
" the animal " is a marginally inspired comedy that only manages to lumber along , generating just
romeo is bleeding wants to carry the unusual flavor of reservoir dogs or bad lieutenant . with director
54 is dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . a greater writer might have created a
an experience like baby geniuses can have certain effects on an average moviegoer . you may be scarred
" houston . we have a serious problem . " after making " mission : impossible " ,
gun wielding arnold schwarzenegger has a change of heart by the film ' s end and becomes a
after enduring mariah carey ' s film debut , glitter , i ' m reminded of a bit
poster boy for co - dependency needs patching patch adams a film review by michael redman copyright 1999
young einstein is embarrassingly lame , but that didn ' t stop it from becoming a phenomenon in
this is the last carry on film with its almost intact regular cast and it is the swansong
one of the first films of 1999 is this mtv pictures release which marks the first leading feature
susan granger ' s review of " america ' s sweethearts " ( columbia / sony ) what
susan granger ' s review of " jeepers creepers " ( mgm / ua entertainment ) this nasty
this independent film written and directed by eric bross has the look and feel of all those other
come on hollywood , surprise me . stop giving us these poorly written thrillers with banal dialogue ,
capsule : the much anticipated re - adaptation of the pierre boulle novel comes to the screen as
i wish i could accurately describe the theme music for part 3 . the best way i can
jessica lange is one of the most inconsistent actresses working today . from time - to - time
synopsis : sonny koufax ( adam sandler ) is a rich , childish , angry man who has
certainly no one would rent ed wood ' s glen or glenda ? expecting to see a good
the second serial - killer thriller of the month is just awful . oh , it starts deceptively
this is my first review that i post to this newsgroup , and i kind of feel like
for " original sin , " the road to the screen has been rocky . initially slated for
one would think that david duchovny , star of the cult favorite " x - files " would
" i would appreciate it if you didn ' t do that again . " starring jet li
the rich legacy of cinema has left us with certain indelible images . the tinkling christmas tree bell
tim robbins and martin lawernce team up in this road movie comedy . robbins plays an exec who
capsule : not as bad a sequel as crow 2 or batman & robin , but still horribly
in " the astronaut ' s wife , " charlize theron plays a young woman with a nervous
for a good ten years or so , super cool chow yun fat has enjoyed god hood status
libby parsons ( ashley judd ) has the perfect little life -- a rich husband , a cute
as far as " mystery men " is concerned , the burning question is less " is it
the swirling sick feeling hit me just a few minutes into " heartbreakers . " ray liotta '
" american pie " alums jason biggs and mena suvari star in this summer ' s attempt to
last summer , a feature - length version of the avengers hit theaters to the tune of a
at the outset of swordfish , john travolta ' s gabriel shear is pontificating about the status of
it ' s probably inevitable that the popular virtual reality genre ( " the matrix , " "
synopsis : an aging master art thief , his supplier , and a young , buxom security consultant
the first image in " final fantasy : the spirits within " is a computer - animated close
plot : token director alan smithee steals the only copy of his film " trio " from the
plot : a rich guy who doesn ' t believe in love , orders a mail - order
not a great twelve months for either of the principals from this movie . earlier this year ,
the stereotypical american male has an undeniable fetishistic love of sports cars . producer jerry bruckheimer plays upon
first and foremost i think this movie comes to grief at the hands of the pg rating it
it ' s amazing how a comedian can have the some of the funniest stand - up around
according to popular film opinion , a film ' s greatness is determined by time . take for
by trying to satisfy every kind of viewer , it ' s possible that sphere may end up
shakespeare in love is quite possibly the most enjoyable period piece ever made for the silver screen .
at times , you ' d think edtv would be an entertaining film . i mean , who
five years after his directorial debut based on stephen king ' s writings called the shawshank redemption (
synopsis : a small town thug convinces a dimwitted high - school student to spy on his girlfriend
working in the motion picture industry must be a constant source of frustration for a front - line
there is a scene early in jakob the liar that hints at how much better it could have
first troy beyer wrote the critically panned " b . a . p . s . " now
susan granger ' s review of " mulholland drive " ( universal focus ) whatever david lynch is
georges polti once wrote a paper called " the thirty - six dramatic situations , " in which
the most popular trend of the last couple of years has been the twist ending . watching one
" spice world " is just one long promotional film for the british girl band the spice girls
i read the new yorker magazine and i enjoy some of their really in - depth articles about
i should have known , damn it , i should have known . ewan mcgregor - codename :
as bad as " mimic " was , it definitly scared me . " mimic " continued the
darren ( jason biggs ) , wayne ( steve zahn ) , and j . d . (
" an intimate , character - driven drama about a troubled youth at a crossroads in his life
vampire ' s is a rude , chauvinistic movie where women are portrayed as pawns of abuse ,
synopsis : blond criminal psychologist sarah chooses to copulate with greasy tony the mysterious puerto rican rather than
a sensuous romantic comedy , about as appealing as your average lightweight tv sitcom . there is no
let me just start this review off by saying i am a huge fan of professional wrestling and
battlefield long , boring and just plain stupid battlefield earth a film review by michael redman copyright 2000
hey , i ' ve got a great idea for a movie ! ok , here it is
even the best comic actor is at the mercy of his or her material , as this subpar
movies don ' t come much more ridiculously titled than " i still know what you did last
synopsis : a humorless police officer ' s life changes when he befriends a super - smart ,
you should have heard the old guys in the crowded bathroom following the " odd couple ii "
the army comedy genre has never turned out a truly good movie ( if you don ' t
" mercury rising " has numerous flaws , but there is one that really stands out : its
i have never been a " star trek " fan , and , to tell the truth ,
while the summer movie season approached its long awaited cessation , we had yet another shoddy , subordinate
it ' s not a bad thing to update old stories . it ' s done all the
i suppose it ' s unfair to criticize a movie like hudson hawk , which has been panned
if there were a subject just screaming to be made into a film , it was studio 54
a hotshot lawyer gets an obviously guilty child molester acquitted , and shortly after during the victory celebration
the spy game is up . you can thank charlie ' s angels -- the movie -- for
i have always been a fan of director neil jordan , from his early work , such as
as you should know , this summer has been less than memorable . with a total of 4
if i were one of those arrogant critics who thinks his review has some great impact on the
for timing reasons having to do with baby sitters , we recently went to a multiplex and saw
the obvious reason for producing a sequel to an immensely popular movie is to acquire continued profits .
i ' m a dedicated fan of writer kevin williamson ' s work . he always finds a
a film that means well , but is too pushy in promoting its belabored point and too sentimental
the tagline for this film is : " some houses are just born bad " . so i
porter stoddard ( warren beatty ) is a successful architect married to successful fabric designer ellie ( diane
* * the following review contains spoilers * * " please someone stop joel schumacher before he vomits
there have been bad films in recent years : ' mr . magoo ' was by far the
it would be hard to choose the best american political thriller . some people would probably pick the
the main problem with martin lawrence ' s pet project , a thin line between love and hate
capsule : lesbianism examined in the same hushed and reverential tones reserved for a terminal illness . potentially
the great actor james woods once said ( and i ' m paraphrasing ) , " if sex
the premise of turbulence is i ' m sure very familiar to us all . we ' ve
a movie laced with a good blend of action , comedy , and a heavy dose of musical
if only austin powers : the spy who shagged me had been just half as original , zany
in the series of the erotic thrillers that flooded the videoshelves in the early 1990s came this french
here i sit at my computer about to write my review of the recent action comedy " bait
tv ' s buffy finds herself on the other side of the supernatural spectrum in " simply irresistible
the 13th warrior reeks so badly of melodrama and poor acting that it carries a worst scent than
i ' ve heard it called " jaws with claws " and that ' s a fair summation
billy crystal reappears in yet another high concept comedy . he tries to infuse some life into it
movies can do the two big es very well : educate and entertain . in the best of
capsule : an insult . a stupid and incompetent movie that doesn ' t even have the benefit
alexander dumas ' the three musketeers is one of the most often - adapted literary works , and
in this re - make of the 1954 japanese monster film , godzilla is transformed into a "
when i first saw the preview for cruel intentions , i turned to my friend and said ,
everyone knows that old rule , ' never work with children and animals . ' in this latest
this movie tries to present itself as the sequel to jan de bont ' s debut as a
it ' s tough to be an aspiring superhero in champion city . just ask mr . furious
8mm , written by seven scribe andrew kevin walker , has an interesting idea which is ruined by
your first clue that something isn ' t gonna be quite right with the movie you ' re
carry on at your convenience is all about the goings - on in the factory of a toilet
the tagline for this film is : " some houses are just born bad " . so i
the title is taken from the writings of ralph waldo emerson describing the life of a traveler as
tomb raider . fun ? exciting ? challenging ? given the unprecedented popularity ( especially among teenage boys
walt disney studios may have finally met its match with the lush animation in twentieth century fox '
here ' s something to chew on : what ' s the favorite food of big , cheesy
this is an adaptation of h . g . wells ' acclaimed novel ' the invisible man '
eddie murphy has a lot riding on harlem nights . as the movie ' s writer , director
because no one demanded it : david duchovny in a romantic comedy ! at last , both his
i ' m not sure if silvio horta wrote urban legend before or after the success of scream
drew barrymore is beginning to corner the market on playing the girl outside - the one who '
" come on , silent bob ! we ' re going to hollywood . " starring jason mewes
let me begin by saying that this is easily the worst movie in the entire official ( and
since director steven zaillian previously wrote the powerful screenplay for 1993 ' s steven spielberg drama " schindler
synopsis : al simmons , top - notch assasin with a guilty conscience , dies in a fiery
i can ' t recall a previous film experience where the fairly good time i was having turned
wolfgang petersen ' s latest , the perfect storm , is like a pineapple . it only tastes
synopsis : valerie , a high school junior who doesn ' t look a day under 22 ,
a highly intelligent life form that is completely electronic in nature , beams itself onto a russian science
this movie is based off the wildly popular video - game series of the same name . before
studio 54 attracted so many weird and bizarre people to its gates that it ' s a wonder
in the past , tim burton has taken cinema by storm with the action packed batman , and
plot : a rich psychiatrist with a great home life gets his cute daughter kidnapped by some bad
i wish more films would take on issues of faith and morality in the modern world . and
the high school comedy seems to be a hot genre of the moment . with she ' s
capsule : a wild jungle woman and an 11 - story gorilla are discovered in tibet and taken
` the bachelor ' is one of the best terrible movies you will ever see . wading through
topless women talk about their lives falls into that category that i mentioned in the devil ' s
beware of movies with the director ' s name in the title . take " john carpenter '
august and september are a wasteland when it comes to children ' s films , and october is
the event horizon is the boundary of a black hole . . . and , in the future
there is a rule when it comes to movies . a sequel is never as good as the
as a hot - shot defense attorney , kevin lomax ( keanu reeves ) has a special talent
i ' m not sure i should be writing a review of the witches of eastwick , because
the most interesting thing about virus is that the title of the film does not refer to the
an american werewolf in paris is a failed attempt to recapture the humor and horror of john landis
depending on who you ask , the original sin was either the eating of the apple , the
wizards is an animated feature that begins with a narration of epic proportions . over black and white
inspired by the 1958 film house on haunted hill starring vincent price . directed by william malone .
capsule : liebes meets tod . this was a film about sex and death . a morgue attendant
you know that a movie has issues when most everyone in the audience comes out laughing . .
adam sandler vehicles are never anything special , but continue to make a load of money . which
deserves recognition for : making this relatively youthful critic feel extremely old and crotchety20 capsule review : this
any movie that kills emilio estevez off in the first fifteen minutes has something going for it .
movies based on video games , such as street fighter or mario bros . , have never generated
if you don ' t think kevin kline in drag is funny , wait ? til you see
if you have ever seen fox tv ' s special car chase programs , you ' ll have
the happy bastard ' s quick movie review wild wild west a better name for this movie might
old soldiers never die , they just turn into cliches soldier a film review by michael redman copyright
" what is this , a homicide or a bad b - movie ? " that is the
there ' s a scene early on in " jawbreaker " where a character utters the unintentionally prophetic
can you say " dated " ? you can if you ' ve seen rosemary ' s baby
" the 44 caliber killer has struck again . " starring john leguizamo , mira sorvino , adrian
wow , a film without any redeeming qualities whatsoever . i ' m amazed that someone thought this
bob the happy bastard ' s quickie review : the odd couple ii grumpy old men , it
the summer of 00 ' wasn ' t a very good one for devout cinephiles . it offered
what do you get when you rip - off good movies like woody allen ' s bananas and
wild things is a way to steam up an otherwise dreary early spring day ? provided , of
like a good action film should , " metro " has action that keeps you involved . some
capsule : dumb dud of an entry in the body heat sweepstakes , and now something of a
capsule : gal is a 50s - ish london cockney gangster who has retired to spain . his
synopsis : back - up quarterback moxxon becomes starting quarterback midway through his senior year of high school
susan granger ' s review of " american outlaws " ( warner bros . ) thomas edison '
dear god , this is a fantastically bad film ! regardless of what i say about knock off
welcome to your oh - so typical sequel . it tries to be twice as big as it
synopsis : the president of a company wants to test his self - appointed successor , who '
there should be a requirement that a potential viewer be under a certain film iq in order to
underwater science fiction stays submerged sphere a film review by michael redman copyright 1998 by michael redman one
renowned hong kong action director tsui hark first teamed with jean - claude van damme on the action
upon first viewing of this movie , the phrases " been there " and " done that "
first impressions : critically , a close - to - awful film , but money - wise ,
there are movies that pose a question in its first five minutes and spend the rest of the
warning : may contain slight mild spoilers . rated : r for intense violence / gore , some
" my name is jack carter , and you don ' t want to know me " says
you would think that this film ' s dismal failure would be due to american filmmakers getting hold
robin williams has the rarest of gifts : the ability to rise above the most inept material and
say , tell me if you ' ve seen this before : a crisis on - board a
it should have been a classic . a great cast of respected supporting actors . an interesting premise
in my review of " the spy who shagged me , " i postulated an unbreakable law of
i want to be involved in show business one day . and i refuse to do any sequels
for a movie with such deep religious and spiritual undertones , it is surprising to find the messenger
possibly the years the most anticipated film and finally it arrives here in the uk . it smashed
" holy man " boasts a sweet , gentle , comic performance from an unusually subdued eddie murphy
it ' s actually not so bad that dreamworks decided to release the love letter at about the
surrounded by hype , high hopes , and the promise of an over - the - top performance
some concepts seem patently hopeless from the beginning , a live - action version of mr . magoo
breakdown is an moderately entertaining , if underwhelming , thriller . kurt russell and kathleen quinlan play couple
ugh . that about sums this movie up . just , ugh . the original godzilla movies are
ripe with explosions , mass death and really weird hairdos , tsui hark ' s " double team
synopsis : a man whose lover , paris , was murdered agrees to test out an experimental virtual
yeah , yeah , the advertisements didn ' t even try to conceal the fact that this movie
i was recently told that in china their had been strong protests against the release of red corner
not so long ago , men by the names of peckinpah , ford , leone , and eastwood
actually , i ' m fairly sure the experience of having my flesh torn and mutilated by barbed
part buddy comedy , part fish - out - of - water story , part nature tale ,
adam sandler isn ' t known for appearing in deep , thought - provoking films , but he
at the end of an action scene in " lara croft : tomb raider , " a wall
when robert forster found himself famous again after appearing in " jackie brown " , he immediately signed
you ' d think that after awhile hollywood would stop trying to make movies out of video games
the last of vampire - films offers plenty of blood and gore , but beyond that - nothing
i ' m not sure who the genius is who came up with the idea of comparing "
in the interest of being generous , i want to start this review with the scene that i
a cop with a troubled personal life . a ruthless villain . a friend of the cop .
can a horror movie truly be called a horror movie if it has no scares , suspense ,
arnold schwarzenegger has been an icon for action enthusiasts , since the late 80 ' s , but
i still can ' t figure out why people went in droves to see this movie . now
gordie boggs ( arquette , aptly cast as a moron , as he is one ) and his
when i arrived in paris in june , 1992 , i was surprised to find france plastered with
capsule : this super - light situation comedy from sweden tells the story of two close friends with
remember tom cruise and brian brown as rival bartenders juggling bottles of booze in " cocktail " ?
confucius once said , " governing a nation is like cooking a small fish -- don ' t
it seemed like the perfect concept . what better for the farrelly brothers , famous for writing and
there ' s a scene somewhere in this film where one of the characters reads the book "
the yet - to - be - released krippendorf ' s tribe is being marketed as a family
it ' s been hours since i returned from the much anticipated sci - fi opus ` mission
despite its exceedingly well - done visual effects , 1995 ' s original species was one big hunk
the marvelous british actor derek jacobi stars in writer and director john maybury ' s love is the
" payback , " brian helgeland ' s inauspicious directing debut ( coincidentally , he previously penned the
did i do something bad ? i must have , because sitting through this movie was sheer punishment
plot : something about a bunch of kids going into a haunted house and playing out parodies of
the cartoon is way better . that ' s the bottom line on disney ' s incredibly hyped
" spawn " may be somewhat of an older film . in fact it will probably be on
from a major league baseball radio broadcast , featuring play - by - play man harry canary and
it ' s time to take cover . after a hiatus of about fifteen years , the disaster
capsule : a ham - handed and over / underwritten morality play masquerading as entertainment , so muddled
" deep rising " gives you that sinking feeling both literally and figuratively : not only does the
" mandingo " has traditionally been seen as one of two things : either a much - needed
the above is dialogue from this film , taken almost completely in context , and not jazzed up
" ladybugs " is a typical comedy that relies on three supposed guarantees : the pathetic team who
the happy bastard ' s quick movie review the concept of enjoying a stupid comedy is best realized
" shagadellic ! " , " groovy , baby ! " " smashing ! " adorn the 1
robin williams , this time without a beard , returns to drama in this sloppy , sickly sweet
the catch phrase for disney ' s rocket man is one spoken by fred z . randall (
based on the novel set in 1914 by joseph conrad , victory spins a tale of a pair
a couple of criminals ( mario van peebles and loretta devine ) move into a rich family '
chill factor is a carbon copy of speed with one notable exception : instead of a speeding bus
* * * warning - the following review contains spoilers * * * cast : gary sinise ,
retrospective : city of the living dead ( 1980 ) a film review by mike watson copyright 1997
you know the plot : a dimwit with a shady past is seduced into committing a crime only
the comet - disaster flick is a disaster alright . directed by tony scott ( top gun )
years ago , robin williams made _jumanji_ , a brilliant achievement in special effects , but a travesty
the original _babe_ was my favorite movie of 1995 , a sleeper hit that transcended its target audience
at first i was intrigued by the strange cast and odd creatures on the galaxy quest trailer ,
the makers of spawn have created something almost as vacuous as this summer ' s other comic book
phaedra cinema , the distributor of such never - heard - of classics as " soft toilet seats
here is a movie that sadly follows the hong kong - recipe of moviemaking and storytelling to the
after the huge success of " the exorcist " in 1973 a sequel was inevitable , and sadly
the people who populate the movie 54 are shallow , self - absorbed and self - indulgent .
i ' ve always been a kevin kline fan , silverado , fish called wanda , pirates of
a month ago i wrote that speed 2 was the worst film i ' ve ever reviewed on
call " hush " " stop or my mom will kill . " or " mommy fearest .
a big , busy boxing satire with a surprisingly paltry punch , the great white hype stars samuel
i know there were times during this movie that i laughed pretty hard . the problem is ,
retelling the classic story of joan of arc has been a popular trend this year . earlier this
violence is bad . violence is ugly . violence breeds yet more violence . kids , don '
there ? s nothing quite like a gory anime . really , and this is the truth ,
lauded as a genius by many , stanley kubrick commands a superlative filmography that includes such critically -
by starring in amy heckerling ' s " clueless " two summers ago , alicia silverstone proved she
" . . . because i ' m a scientist . that ' s what we do !
the word to describe sharon stone is " wonder " . not that she _is_ a wonder ,
the tagline on random hearts reads " in a perfect world , they never would have met .
in double jeopardy , the stakes are high . think of the plot as a rehash of sleeping
synopsis : melissa , a mentally - disturbed woman who likes to smoke , seduces doug , a
warner brothers ; rated pg - 13 ( mild violence , sexual situations ) ; 132 minutes director
disconnect the phone line . don ' t accept the charges . do anything you can to avoid
running time approximately 1hr 40mins reviewed by jack choo rating : the movie starts with a rather se7en
in china in 1982 i turned the tables on our national guide and asked him if he had
the " fab 4 " of ronald reagan high are four stuck - up girls , played by
hollywood never fails to astound me . every time i think those coked - up little buggers have
i have little against remakes and updates of older films and tv series . if there ' s
when the mediums in question are video game and feature film , has there ever been a respective
it ' s almost amusing to watch 21 - year old christina ricci get drastically overshadowed in sally
sandra bullock in high heels and wielding a chainsaw ? yup , it ' s gotta be summer
how do films like mouse hunt get into theatres ? isn ' t there a law or something
miramax " disinvited " on - line media from press screenings of scream 3 . they ostensibly feared
a backdrop of new year ' s eve in 1981 would seem to lend itself to a great
the premise of the new james wong film , final destination , is that alex browning , the
there is a scene in patch adams in which patch is in the center of a courtroom ,
i have a great idea for a movie , one that can ' t miss . see ,
as any reasonable human being would , i must admit that occasionally i am befuddled by certain things
staring , george clooney , arnold schwarzenegger , chris o ' donnell and uma thurman with alicia silverstone
even though i have the utmost respect for richard dreyfuss as an actor , his presence in a
movies about teenagers and teenage culture rarely prove to be either interesting , entertaining or convincing , because
way of the gun is brimming with surprises , some good , most bad . one of the
when critics attack seemingly well - intentioned films like patch adams or more recently pay it forward as
where do i begin ? okay , how about with this : starship troopers is one of the
adam sandler turns up the charm in his latest romantic comedy , the wedding singer . unfortunately ,
arriving in a barrage of hype , the blair witch project is one of the biggest box office
the u . s . army utilizes a number of books known as field manuals which stipulate the
i don ' t appreciate it when a thriller manipulates the viewer into thinking the plot is interesting
at one point in this movie there is a staging of an opera that goes completely wrong .
the new austin powers film continues a movie tradition begun in the eighties . produce something , anything
to sum the entire film " 54 " up in one sentence , it would be : watch
you know , i never really wondered what the tarzan films would have been like had tarzan been
in the finale of disney ' s " mighty joe young , " a 15 - foot tall
an attempt at florida film noir , palmetto fails at the most fundamental levels . it ' s
this film is worth seeing for those who want to see what mick jagger looks like when sporting
i think we should , as responsible citizens , all get together and stop jim carrey from making
the best thing -- in fact , the only good thing -- i can say about dark city
you always have to be careful with the first official studio release out of the gate each year
synopsis : easily - angered , chainsmoking architect david encounters his homicidal first wife diedre five years after
the blues brothers was a wonderful film , a hilarious comedy packed with good music . it cried
michael crichton has had a long career of writing novels , many of which are science fiction .
american pie 2 is filled with laughs . but they are mostly cheap ones built primarily upon sexual
well , what are you going to expect ? it ' s a movie about a big snake
this film is extraordinarily horrendous and i ' m not going to waste any more words on it
midway through " anaconda " , documentary filmmaker terri flores ( jennifer lopez ) turns to a co
if the 70 ' s nostalgia didn ' t make you feel old , the 80 ' s
synopsis : nice girl susanne has sex with her boyfriend daniel in his car , visits daniel '
well lets see . . . i ' m not quite sure how to review this film ,
14 years ago , national lampoon introduced us to a new family - the griswolds . in 1983
plunkett & macleane marks the directing debut of jake scott , brother of ridley and tony . naturally
capsule : silly and inane adaptation of gibson ' s short story , which is nowhere in sight
i didn ' t hate the big hit , even though it is a stupefyingly terrible film .
when the film features richard lynch in the role of chief villain , you know that you can
what are the warning signs of a * terrible * movie ? making it ' s debut at
you don ' t look at a ren ? magritte painting and search for a deeper meaning .
well , as i check my score card for what i ' ve done this holiday weekend ,
terrence malick made an excellent 90 minute film adaptation of james jones ' world war ii novel .
i cried during _babe_ . i admit it . the special effects , the story , the great
saw an advanced screening of the movie sniper last night , and i have to say i wasn
an 18 - foot - high , 43 - foot - long dragon is the computer - generated
1989 ' s " major league " was a delightful surprise . i didn ' t expect much
* * * the following review contains some harsh language . . . but what did you expect
one of the indicator of badness in film is the hype being remembered more than film itself .
let ' s get this one over with as quickly as possible . if there was a possibility
woody allen is one of the most successful artist - directors in hollywood , but he is becoming
here ' s a rarity : a children ' s film that attempts to tackle a weighty subject
there ' s no reason to doubt that donnie brasco is based , as its opening credits proclaim
these days the lack of originality in hollywood reflects itself in the deluge of remakes . but ,
i have never been so confused after watching a movie . " meet joe black " is probably
this is crap , but , honestly , what older american audience is going to be able to
keep cool , a chinese film directed by semi - accomplished filmmaker yimou zhang , was one of
although i had not been a viewer of the " rugrats " television series , i went into
plunkett & macleane is a period piece mired down by modern mtv pretentions . i have nothing against
* this review contains spoilers * as with most of her films , director amy heckerling ' s
fantastically over hyped , godzila finally lumbers onto the big screen . the film opens with footage of
movie concepts are often pitched to producers with mathematical formulas involving successful films of the past . so
well arnold has completed the seemingly impossible task . he has made three consecutive unsatisfactory action films .
whether or not i would be considered a trekker probably depends on whom you would ask . i
they should have stuck to the promise emblazoned on the original movie ' s poster : " no
vikings v . bears ? no , this isn ' t the lineup for monday night football .
apparently , when crap calls , jim carrey answers . here he is , mugging it up in
one of my favorite songs by the stranglers includes the lyric , " you ' d better watch
this movie about two dysfunctional families never really gets off the ground , despite some good performances from
michael richards leaves his spot as kramer on the infamous seinfeld tv sitcom for a stint as a
jackie chan kicks his way into van damme territory with twin dragons , an embarrassingly bland action comedy
the general ' s daughter will probably be the cleverest stupid film we ' ll see this year
cradle will rock is the latest effort from director / actor tim robbins . while he may have
disillusioned and trying to find the spice of life , richard ( leonardo dicaprio ) sets off for
kate ( jennifer aniston ) is having some problems . it appears the twenty - eight year old
this review contains spoilers , but believe me , i don ' t say anything you can '
" have you ever heard the one about a movie so bad that it made a guy run
" we are grateful that we have the songs of grace chan to comfort us . " starring
what happens when you put martin lawrence in a fat suit in real life ? you get martin
blatantly borrowing elements from 1993 ' s " like water for chocolate " and 1991 ' s "
i won  t even pretend that i have seen the other 3 alien films . i saw
synopsis : lifelong friends rafe ( affleck ) and danny ( hartnett ) join the us air force
this is a film that i was inclined to like at the outset : the two main characters
i love movies . i really do . every time i watch great movies like goodfellas ( 1990
i looked at the " internet movie database " ' s awards section for this film , and
the formula is simple . trap a varied group of people on an isolated location , then pop
the thirteenth floor is a bland , obligatory exercise in genre film - making . if i hadn
my giant begins with a monologue that ' s more funny than not and a distinctive ` princess
alexandre dumas meets hong kong action with newcomer justin chambers reprising the oft - played character of dashing
i think maybe it ' s time for the batman series to be put to rest . not
in my opinion , a movie reviewer ' s most important task is to offer an explanation for
reading the cast and director for the new mobster comedy , " analyze this , " i asked
as we see the terrible events that unfold before our eyes in the middle east at the moment
from dusk till dawn ( director / editor : robert rodriguez ; screenwriters : quentin tarantino / robert
plot : a little boy born in east germany ( named hansel ) loves the american music .
8mm is not going to enlighten your day . it ' s a dark , grimy and disturbing
synopsis : original " jurassic park " survivor alan grant ( neill ) is tricked by paul and
the characters in jonathan lynn ' s " the whole nine yards , " yet another in an
take two old and dying men , a lifetime of regrets , a house full of sins ,
so much for sweet returns . after smart horror films were starting to be made again after the
around the end of 1998 , a japanese cartoon came to the usa television , and really wasn
its a stupid little movie that trys to be clever and sophisticated , yet trys a bit too
godzilla is a nuclear freak . he is a lizard that has been mutated over the years and
after the recent animated debacles of , " a rugrats movie , " and " a bug '
once upon a time jean - claude van damme was a decent action hero . the muscles from
the year is barely a week old , and there is already a candidate for the worst of
susan granger ' s review of " two can play that game " ( screen gems ) since
susan granger ' s review of " glitter " ( 20th century - fox ) there ' s
the ads make " hanging up " seem like an upbeat comedy about a rascally father and his
this is the worst movie i ' ve seen since the " so bad i walked out on
when i ponder childhood memories past , one of the things that always springs immediately to mind is
perhaps if the impostors didn ' t have so much going for it , it wouldn ' t
this was the last carry on movie ( if you discount ' carry on columbus ' as a
if you ' re debating whether or not to see _breakfast_of_champions_ , ask yourself one simple question :
suicide is pointless , everyone should know that . so what ' s this movie like ? you
the realm of science fiction has always been an allegory of political and or moral sensibilities . the
back in february at the monthly los angeles comic book and science fiction convention , new line cinema
the working title for no looking back was long time , nothing new , and rarely has there
the job of the film critic is to see a movie and write a review of it that
i ' ve got to admit it . . . i ' m a huge jim carrey fan
for about twenty minutes into mission impossible 2 director john woo ( the killer , hard boiled ,
every now and then , reviewers are faced with the films that are hard to be properly reviewed
the only two really good things that i can say about tarzan and the lost city are as
silly performances and some huge gaps in logic mar an otherwise interesting tale of an eclectic group of
so i went and saw this film right , it was called " battlefield : earth " ,
by phil curtolo " madonna - antonio banderas - jonathan price - in an alan parker film -
i have never seen a man so in love with himself than george lucas . with the overt
an affluent horse breeder ' s past comes up to haunt him ; an ages old cover -
a fullyloaded entertainment review : website coming soon ! hunter s . thompson ' s fear and loathing
filmmakers will use all manner of tricks to flesh out and brighten up a dull , dreary ,
i feel sorry for the financial backers of " waterworld , " which is supposedly the most expensive
to watch ` battlefield earth ' is to wallow in misery . it is one of the most
" you can ' t have any of this . it ' s all mine ! " ---
an 80 - year old woman jumps enthusiastically on her couch , wearing tight - fitting leather ,
it ' s a rare treat when a quality horror film is released in the theater . and
joe versus the volcano is really one of the worse movies made in very recent memory . the
" be gentle , " urges natasha henstridge to matthew perry in " the whole nine yards .
" flubber " is the second best example of how to take all the life out of a
i ' m going to start this review off with a hypothetical question . let ' s say
susan granger ' s review of " session 9 " ( usa films ) sometimes you just get
by the time dennis quaid , the ostensible star of switchback , makes his first appearance at about
gregg araki ' s the doom generation was possibly the very worst film ever made . so why
sometimes , when i decide to write a short story or a poem , i think of a
written by david j . schow and john shirley , based on the comic book series and comic
synopsis : sullen julie james , still haunted by nightmares of the killer ben willis from i know
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . to
what ' s to like about the world of extremely violent trash pornography -- ie . the garbage
in the james bond film " diamonds are forever , " tiffany case asks 007 whether he prefers
if i were to plot a graph of year against movie - plot - ridiculity for = hollywood
" tina ! ! ! fetch me the axe ! ! ! " a favourite book of mine
phil ( radmar jao ) has a hairy problem . his beard is growing so rapidly that he
writer / director lawrence kasdan had a hand in penning some of the biggest film successes of the
ladies and gentlemen , payback is the most expensive episode of " the equalizer " i ' ve
when you ' ve run out of old tv shows to turn into movies , i guess you
the swooping shots across darkened rooftops suggest a very tim burton movie , but , alas , no
guilt . guilt is something i felt while watching basic instinct for the ninth time ; the penultimate
" what ' s your favorite new york moment ? " " this one ' s climbing the
i didn ' t come into city of angels expecting greatness . i ' ve never seen wim
plot summary : the year is 2024 . the ozone layer has long since gone and the earth
200 cigarettes takes place on new year ' s eve 1981 . monica , played by martha plimpton
i ' ll bet right now you ' re just lounging by the pool , humming " i
" i seem to have glued myself . . . to myself . " starring jason biggs ,
i ' ll be the first to admit it . when you mention the book great expectations ,
" you damn dirty apes ! " that ' s just one of the inadvertenty hilarious lines from
new address . same old attitude . don ' t forget to recommend a film , read the
the one question that eats at me after seeing corky romano is why touchstone spent so much money
kids today , they don ' t just want to see heartthrob and master thespian freddie prinze jr
plot : two sister witches have to live with a curse placed upon their family , which prevents
tri - star ; rated r ( language , sexual situations , violence ) ; 87 minutes director
" with all that education , you should know what happiness is . " starring sylvia chang ,
the first in a very long list of things wrong with " i still know what you did
" there ' s nothing new under the sun " is a phrase often used when the speaker
plot outline - wendy ( samantha press ) , a jazz singer , loves mack ( hugo race
the scene at the end of 1989 ' s ` dead poets society , ' when robin williams
the real blonde ( r ) a woman ' s face , an arm , some pumped -
" jack frost , " is one of those dumb , corny concoctions that attempts to be a
some movies require you to turn off your brain in order to watch . then there are movies
you think that these people only exist in the movies , but trust me , they ' re
my son and i share a perverse predilection for bad movies . we are amused and entertained by
it seemed like the perfect concept . what better for the farrelly brothers , famous for writing and
wesley snipes is a master of selecting bad action roles . murder at 1600 , u . s
senseless is a prime example of what can happen when you try to push a one - joke
i came to an epiphany while watching the bachelor , an innocuous - enough - on - the
are you like me ? do you get annoyed seeing people talk on their cellulars in public places
i have a confession . even though i am a movie junkie - i saw eye of the
capsule : five friends at a stag party are involved in the accidental killing of a prostitute .
what hath kevin williamson wrought ? while the horror movie revival spurred on by his _scream_ has yielded
warner brothers has scored another marketing coup . the one - two punch was started in the summer
synopsis : wealthy cuban landowner luis ( banderas ) gets more than he bargained for when he sends
when a pair of films from the same director gets released just three weeks apart , it could
" the red violin " is a cold , sterile feature that leaves you uninvolved and detached .
there have been merchant - ivory costume dramas with more of a pulse than " the mod squad
ready to rumble is not a masterpiece in film ; i have a problem even regarding it as
wyatt earp details thirty - five years in the life of same from around 1865 to 1900 .
david schwimmer ( from the television series " friends " ) stars as a sensitive ( and slightly
" saving silverman " is a good example of a good comedy gone bad . as a love
one of my brother ' s favorite movies is h . b . halicki ' s 1974 cult
steve martin is one of the funniest men alive . if you can take that as a true
have you ever been in an automobile accident where you ' ve miraculously walked away with only a
bad . bad . bad . that one word seems to pretty much sums up beyond the valley
by - the - numbers : a film which introduces characters , situations , dilemmas and developments that
who knew that in 16 years eddie murphy , who made such a brash , raucous big -
" pokemon 3 : the movie " has a lot of bad things in it . first of
1 . he doesn ' t have a hard - to - decipher accent , 2 . he
seen at : amc old pasadena 8 , pasadena , ca ( in sdds ) paul verhoeven '
often similar to a little boy lost in a park that he had no right venturing into ,
a friend invites you to a movie . this film would evade the explosions and special effects of
any remake of an alfred hitchcock film is at best an uncertain project , as a perfect murder
steve martin shines but sgt . bilko fails to impress based on the popular 50 ' s sitcom
look ! the new version of " psycho " came out and the world didn ' t end
an american werewolf in london is john landis ' groundbreaking feature about an american tourist who gets himself
capsule : annoyingly unentertaining , obvious and paper - thin buddy / cop / drug / sexy -
in the first death wish movie , mild - mannered new york architect paul kersey , played by
i ' ve never written a review for a movie i haven ' t watched all the way
this is the movie that could single - handedly bring " mystery science theater 3000 " out of
attention moviegoers : you are about to enter a meaning - free zone . should the sound system
i have nothing against unabashedly romantic films . when done right , with at least slightly evident restraint
if you ' ve seen the trailers or commercials , it ' s rather difficult to really figure
house on haunted hill ( 1999 ) starring taye diggs , geoffrey rush , ali larter , famke
fit for a ghoul ' s night out , fat girl stands cast iron firm with the simplistic
" marie couldn ' t talk , " paulie , the parrot star of his own movie ,
well , here ' s a distasteful , thoroughly amateurish item that , surprisingly , was actually a
okay , i just don ' t know why , but i seem to be getting this diversion
" the beach " is a structurally confusing film that i can only describe has having multiple personality
the most absurd remake of 1998 ? it ' s a toss up between gus van sant '
in 1990 , the surprise success an unheralded little movie called ghost instantly rescued the moribund careers of
these days , we are witnessing the deluge of films based on old , cult tv shows .
after 1993 ' s " falling down , " i hoped that joel schumacher would mature into a
i think of i know what you did last summer as the movie that scream and scream 2
" nothing more than a high budget masturbation fantasy " showgirls ( nc - 17 ) - contains
one of the 90s ' most unwelcome thriller trends returns from the grave : it ' s the
mugshot ( director / writer / cinematographer / editor : matt mahurin ; cast : belinda becker (
i can imagine how good krippendorf ' s tribe must have looked on paper . it does not
after a marketing windup of striking visuals and the promise of star caliber actors , mission to mars
some movies ask you to leave your brain at the door , some movies ask you to believe
preposterous religious action film ( produced by the trinity broadcasting network ) about a code hidden within the
" america ' s sweethearts " has an intriguing premise and a great cast , but it isn
do the folks at disney have no common decency ? they have resurrected yet another cartoon and turned
if you haven ' t plunked down your hard - earned money yet for " wild wild west
synopsis : two con artists find the perfect patsy in harry ( woody harrelson ) - - an
starring arnold schwarzenegger ; danny devito ; emma thompson & frank langella the only thing that you can
there are scenes in " the big hit " that are so awful , they simply defy description
well i guess it ' s that time of the year again . the one time of the
the rapid - fire formula that worked so well in airplane ! , the " police squad !
tim burton has now completed his evolution from the brilliant director of macabre stories about outcast individuals yearning
the premise of this movie is , well , pretty far - fetched . tom berenger plays shale
chris tucker is one of those guys you immediately get a reaction from -- you either find his
" soldier " , by director paul anderson , is a film in which any presence of originality
the first scene of operation condor has jackie chan preparing for a secret mission . he attempts to
cashing in on the success of white men can ' t jump and the failure of most of
girl 6 is , in a word , a mess . i was never able to determine what
back in 1980s , chuck norris used to be synonym for the action films . he couldn '
as forgetful as some people may be it is doubtful that anyone could forget their wedding , especially
how do you judge a film that is so bad , but intentionally so ? in spiceworld ,
we could paraphrase michelle pfieffer ' s character in dangerous minds and say that beyond rangoon starts with
i think that saying that the x - files is one of this summer ' s most anticipated
contrary to popular belief , not every single foregin film released to an american market is a masterpiece
i can see a decent sports movie struggling to break free of oliver stone ' s ` any
this well - conceived but ultra sugary coming - of - age film is not for everyone ,
" battlefield earth " is the best comedy of the year . it has to be . the
long time buddies and neil diamond tribute band members wayne ( steve zahn , " happy , texas
well if you are up for stellar effects then this is the movie for you . because thats
when a film is produced on a shoestring budget by a couple of hardworking filmmakers and when it
in this year ' s summer movie preview issue of _entertainment_weekly_ , theresa connelly described her writing -
several days after having seen this movie , i ' m still trying to determine what director christopher
when i was nine , i started buying the coolest toy figures in my local department store .
in " gia " , angelina jolie plays the titular character , the first so - called supermodel
talk about beating a dead horse ! when home alone was released in 1990 , it was a
conventional wisdom among collectibles retailers is that children ' s items begin to dramatically escalate in price about
the following review encompasses two versions of dune : dune : the theatrical version ( 1984 ) runtime
in 1970s , many european intellectuals , especially those on the left political hemisphere , became obsessed with
dr dolittle ( 20th century fox ) running time : 1 hour 25 minutes starring eddie murphy directed
the general ' s daughter is a heartless , absurd film , a movie so hopelessly dedicated to
disney ' s " air bud " tells a boy - and - his - dog story with
a few months before the release of star wars episode 1 , the phantom menace , 20th century
bad movies described as " a swift descent into sinful pleasure , decay , and debauchery " are
bruce willis needs to stay away from straightforward action pictures . mercury rising adds to a growing list
capsule : godawful " comedy " that ' s amazingly shabby and cut - rate , and rather
battlefield earth is the worst film of 2000 , and i guarantee you that nothing else this year
jet li busted onto the american action movie scene , when he stole the show in 1998 '
one night , during a torrential downpour that flooded the streets , we went to see -- what
it was with a huge lack of something to do that i decided to watch this on good
vampires starts out almost in the style of a spaghetti western with an attack on a small homestead
when considering david fincher ' s latest film , " the game " , four words come to
weighed down by tired plot lines and spielberg ' s reliance on formulas , _saving private ryan_ is
if you ' re going to make a two - hour hollywood in - joke , why bother
it used to be that not just anyone could become a vampire . usually , you had to
hav plenty , as we are told in the beginning and reminded during the film , is a
it seems that i ' ve stopped enjoying movies that should be fun to watch . take payback
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . "
everything about this ninth trek movie seems on the cheap , from the roger corman - grade special
this is one of the worst big - screen film experiences i ' ve had for a while
phew , what a mess ! for his fifth collaboration with director rich - ard donner ( lethal
in french , the phrase " film noir " literally means " black film . " webster defines
plot : lara croft is british , rich and kicks a lot of ass . she also likes
it happens every year -- the days get longer , the weather gets warmer and the studios start
i heard actor skeet ulrich discussing this film in a couple of interviews , and in both instances
it is with some sad irony that i screened fright night part 2 on the day that one
sometimes a stellar cast can compensate for a lot of things , and " pushing tin " certainly
the most depressing thing about the depressingly pedestrian james bond film " the world is not enough "
when walt disney pictures announced a live - action feature based on the ' 60s cartoon series of
david spade has a snide , sarcastic sense of humor that works perfectly on the tv sitcom just
9 : its pathetic attempt at " improving " on a shakespeare classic . 8 : its just
sometimes i wonder just what the censors are thinking . take this film , " naked killer "
after seeing blaze and driving miss daisy , i was ready for some mindless fun -- oh ,
in " the 13th warrior , " arab poet ahmed ibn fahdlan ( antonio banderas ) finds himself
there isn ' t much good about this movie . not much i can say about the acting
" varsity blues " is the best film of 1999 thus far . unfortunately , it is also
for a film touted as exploring relationships and black sexuality , trois is surprisingly tame . despite it
" mission to mars " is one of those annoying movies where , in the middle of the
my friend here in film school just made a two minute - long film for one of his
remember back in the mid 1990s when crime and macabre movies were all the rage ? " pulp
_dirty_work_ has a premise of deliciously mean - spirited potential . mitch weaver ( norm macdonald ) and
america ' s favorite homicidal plaything takes a wicked wife in " bride of chucky , " and
this is the first film in what would become the most successful series of horror films of all
there ' s a good , and timely , story trapped deep within the excess of murder in
this is the worst movie i ' ve viewed so far in 98 . the avengers = silly
synopsis : big - breasted and dim - witted sculptress britt gets really mad at her grad student
mr . bean , a bumbling security guard from england is sent to la to help with the
wonderland is a rather sugary romance film that is as subtle as a ton of bricks falling on
be warned . . brit love story in the offing . effeminate , mild - mannered karl is
a silly film that tries to be a black comedy but plays more like lightweight comedy , with
* * * be warned . . . the following review contains some harsh language * * *
there were four movies that earned jamie lee curtis the title of " scream queen " in the
according to hitchcock and various other filmmakers , isolated motels , diners , gas stations and similar establishments
if you ' ve been following william fichtner ' s career ( and there ' s absolutely no
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . it
for his directoral debut , gary oldman chose a highly personal family drama about a violent , alcoholic
my first exposure to the nightmare on elm street series of films was not this one , but
in 1989 , tim burton took the legendary comic book figure of batman and turned him into a
and i thought " stigmata " would be the worst religiously - oriented thriller released this year .
stephen , please post if appropriate . " mafia ! " - crime isn ' t a funny
die hard 2 is an altogether unfortunate fiasco , inferior to the original in every respect . place
i admit it . i thought arnold schwarzenegger had a knack for comedy when he made twins and
when the haunting arrived in theaters , all i kept hearing about was the overdone special effects and
plot : set in the future , a courier has uploaded some data into a " hard drive
i am a steven seagal fan . i only say this now because " mufti splenetik " isn
" the 13th warrior " comes at the end of as summer where we ' ve already experienced
when i watch a movie like mike nichols ' what planet are you from ? i can '
it seems like i ' m reviewing cheeseball horror movies on a monthly basis now . scream revitalized
we ' re back in blade runner territory with this one , conceptual artist robert longo ' s
ok , i admit it -- i find camp amusement with the spice girls . yes , the
sylvester stallone has made some crap films in his lifetime , but this has got to be one
` the skulls ' is a laughably bad thriller , a teen - orientated doppelganger of ` the
it ' s difficult to expect much from a director whose greatest accomplishments to date are a handful
bats is this year ' s camp flick . with the world ' s worst dialogue , cheesiest
starring shawnee smith ; donovan leitch ; ricky paull goldin ; kevin dillon & billy beck the blob
toward the bottom of the ' 80s action movie barrel lies action jackson , the only movie in
if anyone had been able in 1983 to forsee a late - night cable show hosted by gilbert
written by alex cox , tod davies , terry gilliam and tony grisoni directed by terry gilliam i
the best thing about , " lake placid " is that it ' s only 80 minutes long
that is , unless you ' re one of those people who have seen the preview a thousand
i had an epiphany today . it occurred to me while i was watching " house on haunted
director andrew davis reworks his fugitive formula and the results are about as exciting as his last film
one of the most blatantly obvious signs that often - acclaimed director sidney lumet ' s " gloria
pre - review note : seeing as the only concern of body shots is " sex " ,
i ' m guessing -- and from the available evidence , it ' s not a great guess
" meg ryan is irresistible in the comedy that celebrates sisterhood ! , " screams the television ads
under any other circumstances , i would not be discussing the ending of a film to the extent
brian de palma ' s snake eyes stars nicolas cage ' s evil twin , who confusingly uses
a disappointing biography about the homosexual relationship of two famous 19th century french poets . the film managed
in our time . in our modern world , where the cool rule , it ' s hard
isn ' t it the ultimate sign of a movie ' s cinematic ineptitude when you can '
" idle hands " is distasteful , crass and derivative . if an original thought found its way
a movie about divorce and custody in 1995 seems about as timely as a movie about mood rings
according to the publicity material , with this movie the directors " hope to restore good old -
starring kiefer sutherland ; reese witherspoon & bokeem woodbine i used to think that the conversation was the
synopsis : in " sooner than you think " america , the future of law enforcement resides in
what a contrast ! in the space of two days , i saw shakespeare in love and hurlyburly
capsule : the running gag pair of characters from all of kevin smith ' s films gets their
the previews for the movie are pretty good . they show a little plot , all the characters
a suave , cool , collected , rich , uptight bad guy = cliche . a clumsy criminal
ironically , one of the themes of 200 cigarettes is that you should try to make the best
1990s would remembered as the era of binary movie events in hollywood - two movies dealing with the
don ' t get me wrong -- i tend to appreciate besson ' s naive , unashamedly romantic
delicatessen ( directors : marc caro / jean - pierre jeunet ; screenwriters : gilles adrien / marc
it ' s a shame the execution of this concept falls very short of its premise . the
has hollywood run out of interesting characters and plot - driven suspense thrillers that we must spend two
vegas vacation is the fourth film starring chevy chase and beverly d ' angelo as the heads of
burnt money is the perfect festival film . it will show once or twice , and then no
claire danes , giovanni ribisi , and omar epps make a likable trio of protagonists , but they
the haunting , a film so confusing that it forgets the true meaning of a horror film :
in 1989 , director edward zwick began his career with the powerful civil war drama , " glory
i guess that if a very wild bachelor party had gone really bad , there would be broken
i had been looking forward to this film since i heard about it early last year , when
the original babe gets my vote as the best family film since the princess bride , and it
to put it bluntly , ed wood would have been proud of this . a totally ridiculous plot
i wonder if budget is at all a criterion for whether or not a movie can be considered
one of these days , i ' ll make good on my promise never to rent another abel
making your first feature film ain ' t easy . assemble a decent , if not , strong
whenever u . s . government starts meddling into other countries ' affairs , under the pretext of
aspiring broadway composer robert ( aaron williams ) secretly carries a torch for his best friend , struggling
" easely one of the worst films of the year . . " with the millenium just around
these days , people have rather short attention span and hardly anything can satisfy them for the long
paul verhoeven , the dutch auteur who dragged his violent , sexually aggressive aesthetic into american film ,
fact that charles bronson represents one of the most important movie icons of the 1980s represents one of
overblown remake of the 1963 robert wise film of the same name ( based on shirley jackson '
" tarzan and the lost city " is one of the most anemic movies to come out in
everything in the phantom you have seen many times before and there is nothing new presented here .
a life less ordinary ( r ) while the extremely peculiar a life less ordinary does live up
how could a g - rated disney film based on meg cabot ' s novel " the princess
the corruptor is a big silly mess of an action movie , complete with pointless plot turns and
" return to horror high , " wants to be a couple different types of movies at once
the art of woo attempts to be one of those films like breakfast at tiffany ' s in
capsule : a science fiction allegory . at the millennium a lethal contagious virus has hit taiwan .
seen december 2 , 1997 at 6 : 50 p . m . at the glenwood movieplex cinemas
plot : a down - and - out girl moves in with some over - the - top
for those interested in the true spirit of moviemaking - or what ' s left of it in
director doug ellin ' s kissing a fool , released earlier this year , is an aptly titled
i am continually amazed at movies like this . that some producer would waste an abundance of talent
this talky , terribly - plotted thriller stars alec baldwin as dave robicheaux , an ex - new
spoiled rich kid kelley morse ( chris klein ) receives a new mercedes for a graduation present .
some movies ' pre - release buzz is so insistent on their high oscar potential that when they
all feature film directors who cut their teeth on music videos , please raise your hands . thank
depending on your degree of cinematic acumen , last man standing is either a ) a prohibition -
okay , bear with me y ' all , cause first off i have to get this off
i went to blair witch project 2 : book of shadows with the highest of hopes . the
i ' m giving this stinker . normally , the worst that i would ever rate a movie
2 days in the valley is more or less a pulp fiction knock off . it basically involves
what would inspire someone who cannot write or act to pen and star in a movie ? a
synopsis : a novelist struggling with his latest work buys a weird brain with a protruding eyeball encased
okay , okay . maybe i wasn ' t in the mood to watch a mindless action movie
in life , eddie murphy and martin lawrence play two young men wrongfully convicted of murder and sentenced
there may not be a critic alive who harbors as much affection for shlock monster movies as i
renee zellweger stars as sonia , a young jewish wife and mother frustrated by the constraints of her
there ' re so many things to criticize about i don ' t know where to start .
don ' t let this movie fool you into believing the romantic noirs of william shakespeare . no
it ' s a good thing most animated sci - fi movies come from japan , because "
in the year 2029 , captain leo davidson ( mark wahlberg , " boogie nights " ) is
writing a screenplay for a thriller is hard . harder than pouring concrete under the texas sun .
all right , all right , we get the point : despite all similarities to the best -
teenagers have a lot of power in hollywood . every year countless films will be made targeting that
walken stars as a mobster who is kidnapped and held for ransom by four bratty rich kids .
> from writer and director darren stein comes jawbreaker , the poorly told tale of what can happen
well there goes another one . sadly this like other movies this year wasn ' t good .
my inner flag was at half - mast last year when nick at nite pulled " dragnet "
frank detorri ' s ( bill murray ) a single dad who lives on beer and junk food
woof ! too bad that leap of faith was the title of a 1992 comedy starring steve martin
there ' s only one presidential election every four years , but it seems like every few months
ah , and 1999 was going along so well , too . " she ' s all that
michael robbins ' hardball is quite the cinematic achievement . in about two hours , we get a
you know something , christmas is not about presents . it ' s about over - hyped holiday
in the mid - 1980s , following the splendid debut in hugh hudson ' s greystoke and relative
susan granger ' s review of " the musketeer " ( universal pictures ) hollywood launches another assault
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . at
stallone attempts to ' act ' in this cop drama . the film is set in a neighbourhood
the first species was a moderately - successful science fiction yarn that diverted audiences with some nifty special
a number of critics have decided that it ' s open season on freddie prize jr . ,
everybody in this film ' s thinking of alicia . no , this is not a documentary on
star wars : ? episode i -- the phantom menace ( 1999 ) director : george lucas cast
the lives of older people in the twilight of their years attempting to come to grips with their
martial arts master steven seagal ( not to mention director ! ) has built a career out of
arye cross and courteney cox star as a pair of bostonians who meet in a bar , go
_soldier_ is hands down one of the worst movies a person could ever have to sit through that
it ' s a sad state of affairs when the back box blurb is more exciting than the
birthdays often cause individuals to access their lives . are we doing what we want to be doing
m : i - 2 , the sequel to mission impossible , is a james bond wannabe film
ex - universal soldier luc has to battle a group of newer - model engineered fighters gone bad
the plot of big momma ' s house is martin lawrence in a fat suit and a dress
starring william baldwin ; cindy crawford & steven berkoff all right , the first problem that fair game
take a look at the following equation . . . . a christmas carol + ghostbusters = scrooged
synopsis : a maniac , crazed by virulent microphage , slaughters more than twenty people , including a
post - chasing amy , a slew of love - triangle movies : this month we have kissing
yet another brainless teen flick , this one is about , surprise , drugs and sex . stars
set in harlem during the great depression , rival gangster " families " go to war over control
at first glance , i thought that the sword and the sorceror had promise . its plotline goes
this movie stinks ! although it is professionally crafted and there are some decent performances , the plot
" it was not scary . " these are the first words that came to mind after it
perhaps best remembered as the recently departed news anchor on saturday night live who always started the segment
summer movies are , by nature , dumb affairs that are usually made for some quick enjoyment and
what were they thinking ? nostalgia for the seventies is bad enough , but do we really need
and just when you thought joblo was getting a little soft around the corners , not rating anything
` bats ' is an insulting slap across the face for any dedicated horror movie fan . to
the most interesting part of " can ' t hardly wait " just happens to be not only
the film may be called mercury rising , but that title doesn ' t describe the trajectory taken
" alcohol and drugs = bad . not alcohol and drugs = good . got it ? "
capsule : combine one quart of raiders of the lost ark , a dash of a jackie chan
a new entry in the " revisionist history " genre of filmmaking , dick suggests that two not
words i thought i ' d never write : the sequel to urban legend lacks the grace ,
godzilla is the ultimate culmination of the " who cares about plot " summer movie . a loose
recently one night a young director named baz luhrmann couldn ' t sleep . he tumbled out of
in times of crisis people are driven to desperate measures . of course what constitutes a crisis differs
" virus " is a monster movie without a monster . any movie with a hurdle that large
dr . alan grant ( sam neill , " jurassic park " ) is becoming disillusioned . paleontology
barb wire , pamela anderson lee ' s first foray into films , highlights the fact that her
humanities quest for knowledge never ends . so a team of scientists and film - makers travel to
absolute power , the new film produced and directed by clint eastwood , attempts to be a thriller
ever feel you ' re spending your whole life on the net ( ouch ! ) , eating
" book " should have remained in shadows book of shadows : blair witch 2 a film review
warren beatty , diane keaton , goldie hawn and gary shandling star as a pair of married couples
the crown jewel of 1970 ' s irwin allen disaster movies , the poseidon adventure features an all
while watching loser , it occurred to me that amy heckerling ' s true genius as a film
capsule : john the baptist is sent from heaven to see is the world is worth saving .
the " disney stick - to - what - you - do - best " rule states that
as the twin surfer dudes , stew and phil deedle , lay bandaged and unconscious in the hospital
' bicentennial man ' is a family film without any external motive with the exception of providing the
in the continuation of warner brother ' s franchise , joel schumacher has successfully killed this cash cow
long ago , films were constructed of strong dialogue , original characters , memorable plot points , and
stars : armand assante ( mike hammer ) , barbara carrera ( dr . charlotte bennett ) ,
nostalgia for the 70s continues , as we see a revival of one of the decade ' s
i saw this film on christmas day expecting an upbeat comedy . boy was i in for a
anna and the king is at least the fourth film adaptation of margaret landon ' s fact based
robin hood : men in tights is another mel - brooks - produced film in the classic tradition
with his successful books and movies , michael crichton is doing well . with early successes with westworld
director luis mandoki ' s last film was the superb , serious 1994 drama " when a man
i remember really enjoying this movie when i saw it years ago . i guess my memory really
tommy lee jones chases an innocent victim around america who is trying to prove that she did not
while i am not fond of any writer ' s use of cheap , easy puns , i
boy , what a great movie ! ! keanu reeves and morgan freeman acting together , the director
there are those of us who think of leslie nielsen as the bumbling , hapless straight man from
please don ' t mind this windbag letting off a bit of steam . . . i just
this movie is written by the man who is deemed to be " one of the hottest writers
in a typical cinematic high school , the football jocks have sex with the girls and then dump
man , this was one wierd movie . similar to conspiracy theory in that it couldn ' t
the king and i , a warner brothers animated , musical feature , recycles the classic story of
synopsis : cro - magnon ayla loses her mother to an earthquake and escapes certain death by a
salaries of hollywood top actors are getting obscenely large these days and many find this to be the
movies like six days , seven nights make me mad because talented people like harrison ford , anne
if anything , " stigmata " should be taken as a warning against releasing similarly - themed films
john boorman ' s " zardoz " is a goofy cinematic debacle so fundamentally misconceived and laughably executed
the kids in the hall are an acquired taste . it took at least a season of watching
there was a time when john carpenter was a great horror director . of course , his best
two party guys bob their heads to haddaway ' s dance hit " what is love ? "
films adapted from comic books have had plenty of success , whether they ' re about superheroes (
every now and then a movie comes along from a suspect studio , with every indication that it
you ' ve got mail works alot better than it deserves to . in order to make the
" jaws " is a rare film that grabs your attention before it shows you a single image
moviemaking is a lot like being the general manager of an nfl team in the post - salary
on june 30 , 1960 , a self - taught , idealistic , yet pragmatic , young man
apparently , director tony kaye had a major battle with new line regarding his new film , american
one of my colleagues was surprised when i told her i was willing to see betsy ' s
after bloody clashes and independence won , lumumba refused to pander to the belgians , who continued a
the american action film has been slowly drowning to death in a sea of asian wire - fu
after watching " rat race " last week , i noticed my cheeks were sore and realized that
i ' ve noticed something lately that i ' ve never thought of before . pseudo - substance
synopsis : bobby garfield ( yelchin ) lives in a small town with his mirthless widowed mother (
synopsis : in this movie , steven spielberg , one of today ' s finest directors , attempts
the police negotiator is the person with the entirely unenviable job of going into ground zero and attempting
plot : a young man who loves heavy metal music and especially the band steel dragon , to
carry on matron is the last great carry - on film in my opinion . made in 1972
the ultimate match up between good and evil , " the untouchables " is an excellent movie because
having not seen , " who framed roger rabbit " in over 10 years , and not remembering
there ' s something about ben stiller that makes him a popular choice among casting directors these days
by phil curtolo mel gibson ( braveheart ) gave a gripping performance as the father of a young
one can not observe a star trek movie and expect to see serious science fiction . the purpose
a fully loaded entertainment review - website coming in july ! > from ace ventura to truman burbank
when bulworth ended , i allowed myself a sigh of relief : ? it is possible for me
call 911 for the cliche police if you must , but the eyes are the window to the
hilarious , ultra - low budget comedy from film school dropout kevin smith chronicles a day in the
for those of us who weren ' t yet born when the 1960 ' s rock ' n
the most common ( and in many cases the only ) complaint against francis ford coppola ' s
" the blair witch project " was perhaps one of a kind , a unique film that played
seen may 31 , 1999 on home video ( rented ) . one of the best things about
linda fiorentino disappeared off the radar after a deservedly heralded turn in the cable pic the last seduction
you ' ve heard all the hype . you ' ve seen all their faces - natalie portman
as african american detective vergil tibbs questions a suspected white murderer inside a jail cell , there is
in wonder boys michael douglas plays an aged writer \ professor with such lived - in naturalism that
plot : derek zoolander is a male model . he is also very dumb and impressionable . for
unzipped is a cinematic portrait of isaac mizrahi , an artist whose palette is fabric . ostensibly ,
dora ( fernanda montenegro ) sits behind a make - shift desk at rio + s major train
the event of events is upon us . people have waited twenty - two years for the prequel
sometimes a movie comes along that falls somewhat askew of the rest . some people call it "
that thing you do ! ( r ) tom hanks ' s screenwriting and directorial debut , that
" he ' s back , and it ' s about time . " was the motto for
dreamworks pictures presents a jinks / cohen company production kevin spacey annette bening " american beauty " thora
will hunting ( matt damon ) is a natural genius . for a movie character , that '
if there ' s one thing in common about all of hollywood ' s major studios , it
what do you get when you slap together a movie based on a story by the legendary george
` we run tings . tings don ' t run we . ' - sound advice from capone
at first glance , it appears that the home alone movies are brainless slapstick intended for those with
-- comedy , rated pg , runs about 1 : 40 -- starring : john goodman , kathy
when _star wars_ came out some twenty years ago , the image of traveling throughout the stars has
warning : contains what the matrix is . rated r for sci - fi violence . starring :
national lampoon ' s animal house , made in 1978 and set in 1962 , remains one of
every year , hollywood crowns a new " it boy " -- a young actor pegged for major
synopsis : leonard shelby ( pearce ) is a former insurance investigator on the trail of the man
earth is a harsh , unconsoling drama about the time when india gained independence from britain and the
up until about a year ago , john travolta ' s career consisted of those " look who
i was fortunate enough to attend an advance screening for the upcoming thriller conspiracy theory . this was
the disney studios has its formula for annual , full - length animated features down so pat that
i had been expecting more of this movie than the less than thrilling twister . twister was good
disney ' s 35th animated feature -- a retooling of the olympian legend crossed with , well ,
the computer - animated comedy " shrek " is designed to be enjoyed on different levels by different
after watching the first ten minutes of this japanese film , you will never eat a bowl of
there ' s an old saying that states something about leaving the best for last . george lucas
why do so many children ' s films treat their target audience with utter contempt ? too many
susan granger ' s review of " the closet " ( miramax films ) in this hilarious french
roman emperor marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) chooses his trusted general maximus ( russell crowe ) as
what a great film . what a stunning , touching , heart - wrenching , heart - warming
ingredients : starving artist lusting after a beautiful woman from his childhood synopsis : great expectations ( 1998
you ' ve seen this moment before , recently : a particularly troubled character senses danger of the
hollywood has really done the whole dracula thing to death ( no pun intended - honest ) .
stendhal ' s syndrome : a condition where , in the presence of art , a person becomes
close your eyes for a moment , if you will , and imagine the sound of stephen rea
zero effect gets its title from the main character , daryl zero ( bill pullman ) , although
the long kiss goodnight ( r ) meryl streep tried it and failed . even pamela anderson lee
screen story by kevin yagher and andrew kevin walker . screenplay by andrew kevin walker . inspired by
mpaa : not rated ( though i feel it would likely be pg , for martial - arts
well , i know that stallone is 50 years old now , but in daylight he doesn '
logical time travel movies are a near - impossibility . considering that the skeptic ' s best argument
blade is the movie that shows that wesley snipes really can live up to his potential as one
the truman show ( paramount pictures ) running time : 1 hour 42 minutes starring jim carrey and
no film in recent has left me with such conflicted feelings as neil jordan ' s harrowing ,
just how inseparable is the team of sgt . martin riggs ( mel gibson ) and sgt .
since 1990 , the dramatic picture has undergone a certain change of style . now , instead of
a big surprise to me . the good trailer had hinted that they pulled the impossible off ,
after having heard so many critics describe " return to me " as an old - fashioned hollywood
wild things is a suspenseful thriller starring matt dillon , denise richards , and neve campbell that deals
* * * * * * minor plot spoilers in review * * * * * * *
are you tired of all the hot new releases being gone by the time you get to the
many people dislike french films for their lack of closure . while possibly shallow , i ' ve
the keen wisdom of an elderly bank robber , the naive ambitions of a sexy hospital nurse ,
robert benton has assembled a stellar , mature cast for his latest feature , twilight , a film
warning : anyone offended by blatant , leering machismo had better avoid this film . or lots of
accepting his oscar as producer of this year ' s best picture winner , saul zaentz remarked that
a bleak look at how the boston underworld operates , a film which was based on the best
" footloose " has only one goal in mind : to reel in an audience with cheesy sentiment
as i walked out of crouching tiger , hidden dragon i thought to myself that i had had
" crazy / beautiful " suffers from the damned - if - you - do , damned -
everyone knows someone like giles de ' ath : stuffy , arrogant , set in his ways ,
for many people , procrastination isn ' t a problem to overcome , it ' s a high
meet joe black ( reviewed on nov . 27 / 98 ) starring brad pitt , anthony hopkins
call it touched by a demon . gregory hoblit ' s fallen is a serial killer movie with
james l . brooks , one of the developers of the simpsons and director of broadcast news ,
after a stylistic detour with mrs . parker and the vicious circle ( which , despite its uncomfortable
" the fugitive " is probably one of the greatest thrillers ever made . it takes realistic ,
i think that any competent member of the human race who ' s ever seen a movie --
based on the boris karloff ' s classic by the same name , the mummy starts off with
on re - watching italian writer / director dario argento ' s much lauded murder mystery tenebrae ,
as any sociologist will attest , your childhood and the types of parents that you have will heavily
is evil dead ii a bad movie ? it ' s full of terrible acting , pointless violence
it ' s rather strange too have two computer animated talking ant movies come out in a single
not since oliver stone ' s natural born killers has there been a movie this incendiary , and
plot : a bunch of bad guys dressed up as elvis impersonators rob a vegas casino during a
> from the commercials , this looks like a mild - mannered neil simonesque tale with mary tyler
i ' m not quite sure how best to go about writing this review . i must admit
the sheer horrific audacity of the nazi plan to exterminate the jews of europe is almost incomprehensible .
it is easy to label something sentimental or tear jerking when one has not experienced the heartache of
i know that " funnest " isn ' t a word . " fun " is a noun
capsule : a short punchy action sequel to the two dinosaur films made by steven spielberg . joe
just look back two years ago at the coen brothers ' comedic gem the big lebowski , change
plot : a human space astronaut accidentally falls upon a planet ruled by apes . he is taken
disaster films have a tendency to be very formulated and very cliched . to see a disaster film
in brief : best bleak comedy film since heathers . full of wonderful swipes at the fifteen minutes
i relish those rare opportunities when a talented screenwriter can make me feel like a fool . i
warning : this review contains some spoilers for the 1964 film " fail - safe . " if
andrew lloyd webber ' s musicals , preferably his early work with lyricist tim rice , present a
there ' s more to a quilt than fabric and thread -- each patchwork design has its own
mimi leder is probably best known for her stunning work as a director of the hit tv -
i have to say it . tim burton ' s retelling of planet of the apes is more
urban legend surprised me . based on the last few films the genre has produced ( including but
capsule : the verma family is having a wedding and all the relatives will come for the multi
the love for family is one of the strongest driving forces in any man ' s life ,
while watching wes anderson ' s rushmore , it may be surprising to think that the role of
no , i did not read the novel by thomas hardy , " jude the obscure , "
quaid stars as a man who has taken up the proffesion of dragonslayer after he feels he is
it has been 20 years since a terrence malick film hit theaters . his new film , the
" stuart little " is one of the best family films to come out this year . it
as with his other stateside releases , jackie chan ' s latest chopsocky vehicle , mr . nice
the premise of wag the dog is so simple that it ' s adequately explained by the commercials
as the film opens up , expectant unwed mother sally ( played by drew barrymore ) encounters her
the second jackal - based film to come out in 1997 ( the other starring bruce willis was
one of the last entries in the long - running carry on series , carry on behind is
the cryptic teaser trailer has been unspooling in moviehouses for quite sometime now : " it mu5t be
" very bad things , " is the most delightfully morbid film of the year , a movie
it is hard to imagine that a movie which includes abortion and incest as prominent plot devices could
known as the most successful , highest - grossing romantic comedy in history , director garry marshall apparently
the dramatic comedy cousins has all the necessary ingredients : a witty and whimsical script , inspired performances
this remake of " la cage aux folles " features a gay couple pretending to be straight in
seen may 19 , 1999 at 5 p . m . at the crossgates cinema 18 ( guilderland
the story of us , a rob reiner film , is the second movie this fall that touches
warren beatty returns to the screens in the funniest , craziest and hard hitting movie in his career
the long and illustrious career of robin williams , which has included both forgettable turns like mrs .
in recent years , harrison ford has been such a grave screen presence , scowling through the likes
near the end of 1996 , analysts remarked that the year would be the last in which disney
capsule : a rock and roll fable , indeed . like a hubert selby , jr . novel
jack nicholson has a funny way of playing characters with very few redeeming qualities , but whom you
" i ' ve been told by several people , ' you ' re old fashioned . you
the deer hunter , directed by michael cimino , is truly one of the greatest movies ever made
with storytelling this compelling , who needs books ? based on the book by author james ellroy ,
synopsis : committed to an asylum , the marquis de sade ( rush ) continues to publish pornographic
with more and more television shows having gay characters , and even the infamous " ellen " sitcom
with his last two films - shine and snow falling on cedars - australian director scott hicks has
corey yuen ' s latest film , " hero " is notable on two fronts . first this
synopsis : in this cultural exploration , a chinese american computer engineer named fang ( peter wang )
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . on
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . it
this christmas , little ralphie parker ( peter billingsley ) wants nothing more than a red ryder bb
in intolerance , d . w . griffith told four different historical stories at the same time ,
contact is the 1997 movie i ' ve seen the most - five times to be exact .
roberto benigni is a clown in the tradition of chaplin and keaton . this italian film star ,
larry flynt is a self proclaimed smut pedlar and the owner / publisher of the multi - million
virtual reality is a topic that has almost defined its own genre . since ' dark city '
i don ' t know what movie the critics saw , but it wasn ' t this one
it was with great trepidation that i approached + mary + , the farrelly brothers + latest film
a standoff . a man holds a woman , a diplomat ' s daughter , hostage in his
with stars like sigourney weaver ( " alien " trilogy ) and academy award winner holly hunter (
no , it is not a bad film , in fact it is so good in achieving its
capsule : earthy , experimental , difficult , shockingly frank ( even for 1997 ! ) , and
a fully loaded entertainment review - website coming in july ! i didn ' t really expect very
" oh my god , i sounded just like a mother ! " mrs . pascal , played
i don ' t know how many other people have had the idea cross their mind that their
no filmmaker deconstructs a story as well as atom egoyan . i ' m referring , specifically ,
i know what i would do with $ 4 . 4 million if i found it in a
i saw simon birch in a basically sold out theater , on a sunday afternoon . when the
the saint was actually a little better than i expected it to be , in some ways .
the thirteenth floor , the third in what i would call " the reality check movie series "
i tried hard not like this movie without succeeding . it contains parts of bringing up baby ,
plot : jet li is a chinese cop asked to help some french policemen nab a bad guy
i ' ve never been a member of the robin williams fan club . a little bit of
weir is well - respected in hollywood for turning scripts with difficult subject - matter into deceptively simple
synopsis : it ' s 1977 in a small italian american neighborhood in new york . disco music
part one of " the strangest movies ever made " series at www . mediajunkies . com by
good films are hard to find these days . great films are beyond rare . proof of life
i must admit i ' m going to be a bit biased in my review of the new
in some regards , making a movie is like trying to stretch a rubber band as far as
on the basis of this film alone , i never would have predicted that , in two years
it ' s a fact that a good thriller or action movie doesn ' t need violence to
there exists a litany of differences between a successful action movie and a successful suspense movie . action
jay and silent bob strike back , kevin smith ' s swan song to his two most famous
damn those trailers . had it not been for the advertising of this film , which reveals far
bob the happy bastard ' s quickie review : rush hour so what ' s the problem with
this sunday afternoon i had the priviledge of attending a private screening at the sony astor cinema in
a common complaint amongst film critics is " why aren ' t there more literate scripts available ?
whew . this film oozes energy , the kind of breakneck , no - holds - barred ,
steven spielberg ' s " amistad , " which is based on the true story of a group
he has spent his entire life in an awful little apartment , raised and cared for and imprisoned
being that it is a foreign language film with no known names with a select number theaters showing
when i first heard of contact , the hype was building it up as a sci - fi
you ' ve got to love disney . no matter what they serve up , it is a
with three pre - to mid - teen children and an aging father - in - law to
i hate to burst your bubble , but after all the star power , mega bucks , screenwriters
susan granger ' s review of " osmosis jones " ( warner bros . ) if the farrelly
i must say from the outset that i have never been much of a kurt russell fan .
with the success of the surprise hit alien , directed by ridley scott , a sequel was inevitable
ingredients : neophyte lawyer , legal situations , corrupt insurance company , synopsis : rudy baylor ( matt
in one of my many videos i have attained from the local library , casablanca was my third
capsule : suprisingly more of a comedy than a straight action flick , which isn ' t necessarily
" when will the devil take me ? " he asks rhetorically in lulling voice over . the
bruce barth ' s mellow piano plays in the background as conflict erupts in a little country town
susan granger ' s review of " big eden " ( jour de fete ) it ' s
when you go to the movies as much as i do , you unfortunately end up seeing certain
it must be tough to be a mob boss . just ask paul vitti ( robert deniro )
the caveman ' s valentine starring samuel l . jackson , ann magnuson , aunjanue ellis , tamara
expand the final fifteen minutes of home alone into a feature - length film and you ' ve
waiting at the train station near the beginning of fury , joe says : ` after all ,
because the press screening of " planet of the apes " was one day past last issue '
in 1977 , something never though possible happened . the film star wars was released , with extraordinary
if you want some hearty laughs , then rat race is the movie for you . this unpretentious
i had a chance to see a sneak preview of city slickers ii on campus last night .
the " submarine " genre of movies seems to be one of the most intriguing and compelling types
we share the descent into darkness of a talented boy pianist . years later we see his subsequent
today , war became a reality to me after seeing a screening of saving priivate ryan . steve
well , i ' ll admit when i first heard about this film ( which was before dante
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . during
" last night " could have an " aka " tagged on the end of it that says
" a bug ' s life " may not be " toy story , " but it '
when i saw the trailer for " the sixth sense , " i didn ' t expect much
near the end of frank capra ' s holiday classic , its a wonderful life , george bailey
jerry springer has got nothing on " wild things . " john mcnaughton ' s new thriller tackles
the happy bastard ' s 30 - second review big daddy happy gilmore as a father ? of
" six days , seven nights " is a summer movie that gets the summer movie experience deliciously
the release of dolores claiborne into wide release this weekend adds another entry into the long list of
seen september 13 , 1998 at 4 p . m at rotterdam square mall cinema 6 , theater
there was a lot riding on this movie . everyone even moderately interested in the " scream "
ingredients : pouring rain , small flooded town , damn about to burst , bad guys going after
although many people have compared this new gangster comedy to the hit hbo drama ' the sopranos ,
" being john malkovich " is the type of film we need to see more . today '
as feel - good formulaic as it may be in its own way , shall we dance ?
" the tailor of panama " is a different kind of spy movie . despite the presence of
perhaps it ' s time for me to say a little about my reading habits . i really
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . among
upon arriving at the theater during the opening credits , i took my seat and prepared myself for
kadosh means sacred in hebrew . amos gitai ' s fictional work , after spending most of his
the film " magnolia " can be compared to a simple flower as its title and movie poster
no humans were harmed , tested or tasted in the making of this film . all recipes are
" good will hunting " is two movies in one : an independent take on the struggle of
curdled is a deliciously dark and witty black comedy , but its humour won ' t appeal to
it is often said by his fans that hal hartley movies are an acquired taste . indeed .
most people fit into two different categories : you either love woody allen , or you hate his
that ' s the question i asked myself when venturing nervously into " the wedding singer , "
jarvis cocker of pulp once said that he wrote common people after noticing mike leigh box - sets
richard linklater ' s " slacker , " made in 1991 for a budget of only $ 23
" a breed apart " casts rutger hauer as a crazy , bird - loving recluse who picks
titanic is so close to being the perfect movie it ' s upsetting that it isn ' t
on seeing the outrageous previews for bulworth one wonders what plot could possibly allow beatty get away with
american pie acknowledges a cold , hard fact that most movies don ' t : it is very
the 1998 summer movie season is still in its infancy . but after diasappointing films such as "
one way of telling if a film is good or not is by the length . if a
it ' s ironic that the best films in cinema history are invariably the original director ' s
while it was part of former yugoslavia , my country , croatia , used to be almost completely
the happy bastard ' s quick movie review analyze this how does one do a comedy focused on
this is a film about secrets , some that are innocent like those of a cute little farm
this british import follows the ( mis - ) adventures of a group of heroin crazed scottish youths
you may not have heard of lucas , or if you have , you might not think much
in arguably the most anticipated movie this century , george lucas has achieved a very mixed reaction to
felix ( sami bouajila , " the siege " ) lives a contented life with his boyfriend daniel
i know that " funnest " isn ' t a word . " fun " is a noun
after the press screening of " moulin rouge , " i stood in the lobby of the theater
" living out loud , " is the type of motion picture we don ' t often see
` oh behave ! felicity shagwell is one shagadellic babe . do i make your horny ? female
written by john grisham and robert altman ( as al hayes ) directed by robert altman some time
october sky is a rare oddity in cinema : a self - proclaimed " uplifting " film that
this three hour movie opens up with a view of singer / guitar player / musician / composer
while watching boiler room , i was constantly reminded of last year ' s masterpiece fight club .
ok , let ' s get one thing straight right away : maximum risk is no battleship potemkin
trailing the success of brit humour in the movie industry with the likes of the semi - dramatic
" you ' ll go ape over tarzan because it ' s more fun than a barrel of
you ' ve got mail is a timely romance for this impersonal , computer - driven decade .
according to hollywood movies made in last few decades , life in small town is one of the
written by mark rosenthal and lawrence konner starring charlize theron , bill paxton , david paymer as reviewed
notting hill ' s trailer is awful : a laughless , schmaltzy montage . the movie was desperately
[ note that followups are directed to rec . arts . movies . current - films and rec
slavery is bad . after hundreds of years , we ' ve finally figured that one out .
reflecting on " bedazzled , " a lively comedy about the devil who seeks to possess the soul
the muppet movie is the first , and the best movie among the ever - growing list of
all great things come to an end , and the dot - com era embodies that perfectly .
since their film debut in 1984 with the tightly wrought texas thriller " blood simple , " joel
lean , mean , escapist thrillers are a tough product to come by . most are unnecessarily complicated
this film is based on the campy tv show from the 1960 ' s under the same appellation
1992 ' s alien3 marked not only the death ( by suicide ) of its popular protagonist ,
most sequels don ' t do what they ' re supposed to do like " toy story 2
expectation rating : a bit worse than expected ( mainly because i found the middle part to be
it is simply amazing how " the green mile " developed in its three hour running time .
the jekyll and hyde story told from his maid ' s point of view is , in a
aggressive , bleak , and unrelenting film about an interracial couple , steve and sam ( damon jones
gothic murder - mystery yarns are not a new conceit . in fact , they ' ve been
one of the best things about my job is that , every so often , a film still
of all the films i ' ve come to see this year ( 1997 ) , i think
in essence , good will hunting is an ordinary story told well . taken as a whole ,
clue is an unfairly ignored comedy , very similar to 1976 ' s murder by death . this
the dream team is a thoroughly entertaining comedy featuring four loveable characters who just happen to be slightly
people who enjoy science fiction are often faced with unpleasant surprises due to the improper labelling of novels
i find most of television so intensely boring that i simply never turn on my set , unless
" the celebration " is one of an elite kind of films that is completely absorbant . you
synopsis : shrek ( myers ) is an ogre living in contented solitude deep in the heart of
matthew broderick and high school comedy . the two terms have been practically inseparable since ferris buehler took
the rocky horror picture show ' special edition ' ( 1975 ) starring : tim curry and susan
confession time : i have never , ever seen gone with the wind . i don ' t
if he doesn = 92t watch out , mel gibson is in danger of being known as someone
john cusack is the kind of actor who seems to effortlessly slide into his respective film roles .
only a year after the initial release of " scream , " the horror send - up from
the full monty is a whole lot of fun , its wacky , witty , and original .
with the release of gattaca , i began to wonder why all science fiction films deal with destructive
it must be some sort of warped critical nightmare : the best movie of the year would be
now , lets first look into the history of shark films . there was the unforgettable jaws .
this is the best british gangster film since the long good friday . jon bennet ( played by
produced by robert lantos & stephen j . roth directed by douglas williams mpaa : not rated (
i remember hearing about this film when it first appeared at cannes over a year ago , picking
most movies seem to release a third movie just so it can be called a trilogy . rocky
review : a dog of flanders is the story of an adorable little boy named nello and his
do film critics have morals ? are there any unwritten laws an ethical movie critic would or should
synopsis : retiring detective jerry black ( nicholson ) becomes involved in the case of a murdered girl
one never quite knows what one is going to get with a mamet film . his american buffalo
' contact ' shows why jodie foster is one of our best actresses . see contact with your
like the wonderful 1990 drama , " awakenings , " starring robin williams and robert de niro ,
in the company of men made a splash at the sundance film festival because , in a year
the booming introduction music finishes , and the camera sweeps over red mountains . we see two figures
jonathan demme ' s _beloved_ , based on the book toni morrison , is a study in skillful
scream 2 isn ' t quite as clever as its predecessor , but it fills the gap with
when 17 year old beau hall ( jonathan tucker , " the virgin suicides " ) gets in
leonardo decaprio ( what ' s eating gilbert grape ) and claire danes ( tv ' s my
voices . . . . . trey parker , matt stone , george clooney , minnie driver .
why do people hate the spice girls ? ? what exactly have they done wrong , other than
more than forty years ago , the " sword and sandals " genre of historical epic ruled the
the andromeda strain is the greatest science fiction film ever made . i know that is very sweeping
" it ' s not good to know too much about someone , charlie , " charles warns
do you want to know the truth about cats and dogs ? do you ? well , as
alien 3 is the only alien film i have seen in theaters . i saw it when i
ultra low budget but extremely inventive horror film about a group of friends vacationing in a cabin who
elmore leonard has quickly become one of hollywood ' s favorite authors . out of four film adaptations
bob the happy bastard ' s quickie review : the matrix what ' s worse than y2k ?
martin scorsese ' s kundun , which chronicles roughly the first twenty years of the life of the
synopsis : upper middle class , suburban family man lester ( kevin spacey ) realizes that he is
though it is a fine piece of filmmaking , there ' s something about elizabeth . . .
carolco pictures and dutch director paul verhoeven ( robocop ) came together to create the 1990 mega hit
with the abundance of trite , recycled movies in the late ' 90s , there is a tremendous
i was anxious to see this for a long time . a friend of mine recommended this to
to paraphrase a song title from an earlier disney movie , mulan is a whole new world .
as a revolutionary war hero in the patriot , mel gibson provides another macho man performance for hollywood
" if there ' s a beast in men , it meets its match in women , too
contrary to the title , " the boxer " is not another rocky story only this time spliced
you don ' t want to be like mike . mike has been doing badly . embarrassingly bad
america has finally gotten what it ' s needed for years : a compassionate sincere president with impressive
susan granger ' s review of " songcatcher " in the midst of this summer ' s fare
elizabeth is a potent historical drama set in england in the mid - 1500s . it is a
making his directorial debut , actor jon favreau brings along his swingers co - star , vince vaughn
set in the wild west , this carry on centres around the arrival of the rumpo kid (
for example , in happy gilmore , sandler plays a rookie golfer trying to beat a self -
" when it ' s cold , molecules aren ' t moving . everything is clean . "
" the end of the affair " is a dark and moody romantic period piece , that neil
titanic is , without a doubt , the best movie i ' ve seen all year . and
sometimes you just have to tip your hat to a film . sometimes you just have to jump
i didn ' t realize how apt the name of this movie was until i called the mpaa
118 minutes ; not rated ( though i suspect it would be rated pg for adult themes and
okay , let me first say , this is a beavis and butthead movie . if you do
taking a few tips from the pulp fiction school of filmmaking , go is the new feature from
garry shandling makes his long overdue starring film debut as an alien from a planet populated only by
there ' s a moment in schindler ' s list when a number of jews are trudging through
i recall the trials and tribulations of my high school years . it was a period that would
full metal jacket , very much like every other hard - hitting film about the vietnam war ,
oliver stone ' s latest feature is the last one standing in the long line of biographies of
in tim burton ' s ` sleepy hollow ' , there is a mysterious headless horseman who decapitates
ok , i admit i had a bad attitude about this film from the start . a romantic
bowfinger is a good movie about the making of a very bad one . the screenplay , written
pulp fiction , quentin tarantino ' s anxiously awaited and superb follow - up to reservoir dogs ,
i think the first thing this reviewer should mention is wether or not i am a fan of
i know it already opened in december , but i finally got around to seeing rushmore last weekend
capsule : this is a film that avoids easy answers . wilhelm furtwangler , then the world '
" gattaca " represents a solid breakthrough in the recent onslaught of science - fiction films -- it
there was a huge crowd - so many over 100 people could not be admitted - at a
available in an all new video edition from arrow entertainment ( $ 29 . 95 ) , with
when i left the theater after seeing david lynch ' s " lost highway , " i remarked
melvin udall is a heartless man . he spends his days inside of his spacious manhattan apartment writing
i ' m not really sure what to think about " crash . " on the surface ,
the first thing you notice about this movie is that it ' s cold . placed in minnesota
plot : odin is a great high school basketball player . he ' s dating a hot girl
defending your life is an imaginative vision of the afterlife from the twisted mind of writer - director
jake kasdan , son of one of the best screenwriters around , breaks into filmmaking by writing and
well i ' ll be damned , what a most excellent surprise . not to be confused with
in 1998 , director brett ratner and his stars , jackie chan and chris tucker , breathed new
shakespeare . you hardly understood it in high school . why would you want more of it now
the year is 1962 and the military is conducting nuclear testings . involved in these tests is hank
the happy bastard ' s 30 - second review : american pie the summer of raunch continues to
_in brief : _ this film needs no introduction . if you haven ' t heard of it
in some respects , rush hour is the ultimate exercise in cliched filmmaking . the hero is the
my fellow americans is a movie that at first glance looks to have little substance ( or a
in , " the muse " albert brooks plays steven phillips , a hollywood screenwriter who after winning
plot : good ol ' texan kid suddenly gets to play first - string quarterback on his high
the film starts out with a creepy opening sequence to which has the now classic and creepy score
i have to admit that i disliked this film initially . it certianly isn ' t for every
it was a rainy friday afternoon in columbus when i persuaded a friend to see a matinee performance
the uncompromising nudity bared throughout petrice chereau ' s intimacy has already garnered much notoriety , but it
george little ( jonathan lipnicki ) wants a little brother . after mr . and mrs . little
countries and legal systems that take the rule of law principle seriously , had forbidden judges and juries
frequency n . , the number of times a specified phenomenon occurs within a specified interval as the
" psycho meets the exorcist with no holds barred " . a blurb like that sounds like desperate
jackie brown entered theaters with little fanfare and a lot of expectation . even though advance publicity on
directed by : pixote hunt , hendel butoy , eric goldberg , james algar , francis glebas ,
ingredients : little orphan boy , rural grandparents , mountains , native american lore synopsis : in this
disney cements their place in the forefront of feature animation with the release of their latest animated adventure
capsule : the world will come to an end at midnight . everyone knows it and must make
the rich man ' s wife is one of those movies like final analysis or body double ,
with a team of 200 graphic artists and animators working on this first film production from game developer
ladies and gentlemen , 1997 ' s independence day is here ! it ' s title : starship
billed as a " feminist sex fantasy " , this spirited , imaginative and thoroughly engaging film by
seen at the 21st portland international film festival film title : supermarket woman director : juzo itami country
i can sum up first strike in one word : awesome . never in my life have i
as a devout atheist and an avowed believer in aliens , i have some idea of how ellie
by now i figured i ' d seen every alfred hitchcock film at least a half - dozen
it ' s wednesday , march 27 , and a murder investigation is underway in charlotte , south
on april 12th , 1912 , the most astonishing shipwreck in the history of the world occurred .
that thing you do ! , from first - time film director tom hanks , is an enjoyable
synopsis : an attractive mute makeup artist , working on an ultra - cheesy slasher movie in moscow
the grandfather of italian horror the late mario bava has credits in nearly 100 films and tv movies
based on the relatively unknown ( in comparison to spider - man ) marvel comic book , blade
quentin tarantino seems to have a knack for giving his stars big careers . after his pulp fiction
the makers of jurassic park & the director of speed conjure up a storm ! ( reviewed at
there are times when the success of a particular film depends entirely on one actor ' s effort
contact is a nobly intentioned but ultimately unsatisfying adaptation of carl sagan ' s only novel . it
david cronenberg presents us with another strange tale crawling out of his impressively twisted head . it is
" seven " is one of the best mystery movies i ' ve ever seen . it '
after hearing reviews for woody allen ' s upteenth movie in history , " celebrity , " range
an astonishingly difficult movie to watch , the last temptation of = christ may be scorsese ' s
call me crazy , but i don ' t see saving private ryan as the film of the
seen august 8 , 1998 at 6 p . m . at rotterdam square cinemas ( rotterdam ,
' lake placid ' is definately not your typical creature attacking people movie , ok so maybe it
a lot of times a three - star film will be my favorite . they ' re usually
what if one of our cities became the target for terror ? what can we do ? what
" desperate measures " was something i was excited about seeing back when it was originally scheduled to
what is a scary movie anyhow ? is it a movie where a person gets ripped to shreds
a wonderful little movie that is really interested in its characters and in its theme . the scene
this is a good year if you want plenty of sci - fi on your multiplex . >
scarface , a remake of the 1932 film of the same name , is a very gripping and
trekkies , roger nygard ' s energetic and hilarious documentary , brings viewers into the world of the
if you ' re the type of person who goes on the submarine ride every time you visit
i was pleasantly surprised by this film . with a budget topping $ 200 million , i was
it was easy to fear the worst . begin with a classic 1960 ' s television series ,
pollock starring ed harris , marcia gay harden , tom bower , jennifer connelly screenplay by barbara turner
it ' s been a long time since walt disney has delivered us a classic along the lines
warning : if you actually wish to see the film , stop reading this and see it .
it shows that america remains ambivalent over the nature of its political system . no major surprise ,
the ring is probably one of the creepiest movies i ' ve seen in years . but then
deep rising is one of " those " movies . the kind of movie which serves no purpose
vampire films , as well as other horror films , are usually dumb and predictable b - movies
this has some major spoilers for the film , so be forwarned . the won ' t appear
one fun activity for parents during the holidays is to suggest an old film and see if they
swashbuckling adventure that can be enjoyed by both children and adults . steven spielberg may not have directed
" rebel without a cause " is such an important film in american history because it is a
david mamet has long been my favorite screenwriter and director . with his distinctive , more often than
catherine deane ( jennifer lopez ) is a psychologist who has been hired to participate in a project
when casting the key part of the voice of moses , most people ' s first candidate would
" . . it ' s certainly more than just a monster story . . " - kenneth
" love is the devil " is a challenging film , munundating its audience with wild imagery and
a costume drama set in the 1500s , england , elizabeth is a lush , romantic , political
jay and silent bob strike back can rightfully be subtitled " kevin smith ' s greatest hits "
a sci fi / comedy starring jack nicholson , pierce brosnan , annette benning , glenn close ,
let ' s face it : the $ 100 million - plus smash that was " goldeneye "
rated : r for strong language , sexual dialogue , drug use , crude humor , violence and
one of the most popular subplots in the entire science fiction genre is time travel . that concept
if this keeps up , jane austen ( sense and sensibility , pride and prejudice ) may have
saving private ryan ( dreamworks ) running time : 2 hours 48 minutes . starring tom hanks ,
50 ' s ` aliens vs . earth ' idea revamped ! if you have been following the
the trailers and the beginning of the move sum up this plot very easily . three filmmakers venture
apocalypse now , based on the novel " hearts of darkness " , is an extremely striking ,
sometimes i find 19th century british costume dramas a little hard to relate to . it ' s
earlier this year , the movie holy man opened to a meager box office receipt and to indifference
susan granger ' s review of " the perfect storm " ( warner bros . ) " more
just in time for halloween and christmas , the reissue of the nightmare before christmas couldn ' t
every once in a while a movie comes along that completely redefines the genre : with dramas ,
in 1995 , brian singer and christopher mcquarrie dreamed up a simple concept : the audience isn '
it has happened again . a movie that is well scripted , well acted , and well directed
in the grand scheme of mel gibson movies , payback was better than conspiracy theory , but not
the thought - provoking question of tradition over morals is the subject directly at the core of "
barely scrapping by playing at a nyc piano bar , timothy hutton returns to his massachusetts hometown for
it ' s an interesting premise . our reality is only real to us because it is what
one of kyle mclachlan ' s earlier cinematic features , this movie has had an obvious influence on
i want to correct what i wrote in a former retrospective of david lean ' s war picture
of the major horror sub - genres , vampire movies are easily the most adaptable . think about
when quentin tarantino made " pulp fiction " , he was not only making the greatest film of
there ' s some movies i enjoy even though i know i probably shouldn ' t and have
this summer , one of the most racially charged novels in john grisham ' s series , a
towards the middle of " the sweet hereafter , " a crowded school bus skids on an icy
losing a job is not an all too uncommon thing . reacting to such a personal setback by
as much as i wanted to like this film as i went into it , the more pleased
the postman delivers but not first class the postman a film review by michael redman copyright 1997 by
there are certain people in the world who have some talent that very few people have , but
i guess it ' s a credit to jackie chan and the general likeability of the franchise that
some critics , including siskel & ebert , are on the record stating that martin scorsese ' s
much ballyhoo has been made over this new version of " lolita , " made in a time
capsule : side - splitting comedy that follows its own merciless logic almost through to the end .
maybe the most important thing about this movie is that it ' s not handled like the hallmark
as i write the review for the new hanks / ryan romantic comedy you ' ve got mail
are we victims of fate in life or can we create our own destiny ? director / writer
i ' m an avid fan of the " alien " saga , so this review is obviously
it may seem weird to begin a film about glam rock with a sequence that includes a spaceship
when i first heard that romeo & juliet had been " updated " i shuddered . i thought
krippendorf ' s tribe is a formula comedy . done poorly , formulaic comedies might seem to signify
not since 1996 ' s shine , which starred geoffrey rush as pianist david helfgott , has a
luckily , some people got starship troopers . some people knew it was supposed to be silly .
the happy bastard ' s 30 - second review notting hill a cute romantic comedy from the writer
first , i am not a big fan of the x - files tv series . i have
many people will not find much to like in what dreams may come , the new film by
when i was growing up in 1970s , boys in my school used to divide into two groups
one of the sweetest tales to ever be made , it ' s a wonderful life isn '
of circumcision , psychic wounds and the family sitcom the opening segment is something of a foretaste of
nosferatu the vampyre ( germany 1979 ) a film review by mike watson copyright 1999 mike watson this
even if i did not know that director and co - writers james wong and jeffrey reddick of
" take a number , fill out a form , and wait your turn . " starring kati
ingredients : london gal , fate , true love , running joke about monty python ' s spanish
sick : the life and death of bob flanagan , supermasochist by fernando vallejo starring bob flanagan and
studio expectations must not have been high for " great expectations " -- the film ' s release
seen december 28 , 1997 at 8 : 45 p . m . at the crossgates mall cinema
james jones , one of the major novelists from the middle of the twentieth century , has written
an energetic , visually stunning , but intellectually hollow recreation of the mysterious life of jeanne d '
i ' m not quite sure what to say about mars attacks ! , which is obviously the
capsule : trippy , hyperspeed action machine from hong kong ' s accomplished tsui hark . van damme
the heartbreak kid ( reviewed on aug . 26th / 1998 ) starring charles grodin , cybill sheppard
it ' s a curious thing - i ' ve found that when willis is not called on
i ' ll be the first to admit i didn ' t expect much from the emperor '
before even seeing a single frame of the film , it would be easy to snicker at deep
the heist of a flawless , 84 carat diamond , fixed bare knuckle fights , irish gypsies and
tbwp is probably the single most profitable film ever . not surprising , considering its tiny us $
i am starting to write this review before going to see strawberry and chocolate , cuba ' s
capsule : this is a 1950s or 1960s style heist film , set in the present . robert
don ' t let the following quirks of this review , fool you into believing that this movie
getting it right is a far far cry from the teenage sex comedy you might expect from a
no matter what you suspect , this isn ' t your usual action thriller . the usual suspects
" dangerous beauty " is a really nothing more than a grandiose soap opera set in venice circa
imagine this scenario : you and any of your family members are scudding through one of those long
steve soderbergh ' s " sex , lies , and videotape , " which won the grand prize
synopsis : private detective tom welles is hired by a wealthy widow to uncover the origins of a
to me , nicolas cage sounds like an ideal choice for the lead role in a martin scorsese
at first glance , daylight would seem like your typical disaster movie . on second glance it looks
after the simple looking little spacecraft lands in a automobile wrecking yard , out steps a steel -
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . like
bruce willis and sixth sense director m . night shyamalan re - team to tell the story of
there ' s good news and bad news about mulan . the positive is that disney has found
harmless , silly and fun comedy about dim - witted wrestling fans gordie and sean ( david arquette
steven spielberg is now considered as one of the hollywood deities , because of the rare capability to
with the exception of their surrealistic satire barton fink , the films of joel and ethan coen fit
" the endurance : shackleton ' s legendary antarctic expedition " in 1914 , as the great war
every year -- every year at the festival , i wait for that film to come along ,
oh god how many john grisham lawyer films we have been munundated with ! in a perfect world
the seasoned capt . dudley smith ( james cromwell ) questions his new protege , ed exley (
aliens ! ! well , that is what this movie is about . computer generated aliens . ok
in the opening shot of midnight cowboy , we see a close - up of a blank movie
metro i ' ve seen san francisco in movies many times . there was 1994 ' s interview
susan granger ' s review of " hearts in atlantis " ( castle rock / warner bros .
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . floating
plot : a peculiar french girl grows up lonely with her father and doesn ' t quite know
eric rohmer ' s " pauline at the beach , " is one of those small , deliberately
after a rather disappointing " mary railly " , stephen frears is now officially back in business with
plot : a group of asbestos cleaners get a job removing the gunk from an old insane asylum
hedwig and the angry inch ( 2001 ) john cameron mitchell , miriam shor , stephen trask ,
with many big - budget science fiction films , great ideas are often wasted by bad scripts ,
" the deep end " uses a color palette of rich earth tones surrounded by a vast array
warning ! : may contain some mild spoilers and offensive material . rated : r ( ! )
underrated movies are a common reoccurrence in show business today . 1998 ' s ' hope floats '
as fairy tales go , cinderella has to be one of the most famous . almost everyone knows
it stands as a moment one will not soon forget : a giant , green ogre flips through
for a movie about disco - era excess , " 54 " comes up surprisingly short on the
in 1994 , an insider ' s look at a scandal - ridden run for the democratic presidential
this movie was one of the first american films done by director paul verhoeven . he has done
eyes wide shut isn ' t the masterpiece many were hoping to see in stanley kubrick ' s
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . milos
until i saw the night of the hunter , it had been a long time since i had
jamaica is a hot vacation spot . the exchange rate encourages delusions of wealth ( approximately 30 jamaican
denzel washington is among the many actors this holiday season to give very impressive milestone performances . this
[ note : after claiming otherwise , my appetite was indeed whetted by kenneth branagh ' s hamlet
the happy bastard ' s quick movie review me tarzan . . . you happy viewer . for
one of the funniest carry on movies and the third with a medical setting . the main story
whenever writer / director robert altman works in a specific genre , he has the tendency to rewrite
" remember what the mpaa says : horrific and deplorable violence is ok as long as you don
for this review and more , visit clear illusions ( www . clearillusions . com ) the majority
errol morris , critically acclaimed director of the 1997 documentary fast , cheap and out of control ,
summary five liberal iowa graduate students share a house and carry on a tradition of a large sunday
i can already feel the hate letters pouring in on this one , folks . i loved the
hollywood is a pimp . a fat , cigar - smoking chump wearing a fur hat and 12
back in 1998 dreamworks unveiled their first computer animated movie " antz " . the film was critically
" say , any of you know how to madison ? " --- brad " asshole " majors
in " magic town " , jimmy stewart is in peak form playing a pollster who heads to
kevin smith is like a big kid . his humor is that of a sophisticated juvenile ' s
review : ghost dog : the way of the samurai ( 1999 ) cast : forest whitaker ,
i rented " brokedown palace " last night blind , having heard nothing about it beforehand , and
everyone ' s heard about this movie , and more specifically , * the * scene . everyone
in october of 1997 , audiences were dazzled by the horror surprise hit i know what you did
brian depalma needs a hit * really * badly . since scoring big with the untouchables in 1987
i ' ve never been a huge fan of jeff bridges , but i loved him in the
synopsis : captain picard and the crew of the starship enterprise disobey federation orders and defend a peaceful
us critic - type people are always shaking our heads and telling everyone that movies aren ' t
magnolia left me relling from the theatre , staggering from the relentless assault of an adventurous director reveling
a group of high school kids mix up with a group of hip - hop artists as a
one year has passed since the last time we saw them , and but wayne campbell and garth
john carpenter directed this stylish and gory vampire flick to which has it ' s good side and
in the wake of the smashing success of " rumble in the bronx , " it ' s
at first glance , three kings looks to be just another war movie , the 90s version of
mickey mouse had better watch his back -- there ' s a new critter in town , and
a miracle of filmmaking , " some like it hot " is a brilliant film , and maybe
a welcome cinematic trend over the past couple of years has been to make the works of shakespeare
there is a scene early in soul food , george tillman ' s comedy - drama about a
director david fincher has such an eye for detail which is very rare in hollywood these days (
originally launched in 1978 , this popular film was re - introduced in 1998 to a whole new
set in the late 80 ' s at the height of yuppie excess and based on the book
ever wonder what happened to gabe kaplan ? you remember , he was the title character in that
did you ever wonder if dennis rodman was actually from this planet ? or if sylvester stallone was
i feel no hesitation in saying that " there ' s something about mary " is the best
" i ' d rather die today and go to heaven than live to be a hundred and
one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen . i ' d heard extremely good things
this reviewer is ignorant of what hands were responsible for delivering the original version of the abyss in
i have a soft spot in my heart for pure , amoral sleaze . i liked showgirls (
tarzan chad ' z = good ) 1999 , g , 90 minutes [ 1 hour , 30
i ' ve always been told that there are two things in life that are unavoidable - death
it was a crazy time in france , what with the french revolution right around the corner .
what surprises me most about the long - awaited batman is that the movie centers not on the
casting " doogie howser " star neil patrick harris as mind - reading military intelligence is only one
historical epic as a genre was almost banished from hollywood in early 1990s . for many critics ,
if you had a chance to create a genetically perfect child , would you do it ? "
in one scene from " the people vs . larry flynt , " the hustler magazine publisher appears
we all know the fate of " child ' s play , " which is the same for
director : penelope spheeris ( decline of western civilization ii - the : metal years , dudes ,
natural born killers is really a very simple story that , in essence , has already been told
the bond series is an island in the film world ; where else would we look forward to
this sometimes - tedious and often - moving documentary charts the life and times of anne frank ,
john sayles ' " men with guns " is about what happens to a society when brute force
plot : during a 10 - week span in london in the fall of 1888 , jack the
in ` enemy at the gates ' , jude law is a gifted russian sniper made hero by
it ' s been a good long while since we had a good old fashioned thriller , where
some of my friends who went to live in usa complain about one thing - that country is
vampire lore and legend has always been a popular fantasy element , substantiated by not only the sheer
if the current trends of hollywood filmmaking continue , we are probably five or six years away from
jean - luc picard ( patrick stewart ) and the rest of the crew of the u .
the promotion for fear and loathing in las vegas ? has made the film out to be a
james cmaeron ' s breakthrough feature was the first of his films to showcase his obsession with technology
it might surprise some to know that joel and ethan coen , who have brought such unabated lunacy
kirk douglas is one of those rare american actors who can say more with a simple glance than
" a man is not a man without eight taels of gold . " starring sammo hung ,
the summer movie season is always the biggest and brightest season for movies throughout the year . we
jacques tati ' s 1953 classic " les vacances de m . hulot " ( also known as
i had lost all faith in pg - 13 movies that are intended for teenagers and adults .
the 1990s produced two brilliant science fiction films . one was _gattaca_ . the other was _the thirteenth
finding the courage to face life full - on is a difficult task . summoning up the audacity
bruce willis stars as malcolm , an award winning child psychologist who discovers one night that one of
i suppose an argument could be made that toy story is one of those films that didn '
tone alone cannot sustain a film , but it can go a long way . if i can
hollywood has a . 750 batting average with elmore leonard adaptations . last year ' s touch was
synopsis : rumored to be about a true person , the story of mulan has circulated in oral
if you ' ve ever perused my college comedy diary " another year in the life of a
capsule : the director of cure brings a weird and very complex concept to the screen . one
when i first heard that disney ' s next animated feature was going to be tarzan , i
the opening crawl tells us that the galaxy is in turmoil over the taxation of trade routes ,
in december of 1996 , a little movie called " scream , " was released , became a
the last steve martin film i saw , the spanish prisoner , was a very different approach for
whenever studio executives try to combine the successful formula of two blockbuster films , the end result is
along his carreer , mel gibson has collected several successes , not only from an economic point of
renown surrealist director , the 77 - year - old frenchman alain resnais ( hiroshima , mon amour
in 1987 the stock market crashed , and oliver stone ' s wall street was released to critical
look back at all the times in your life when there was a fork in the path to
three things i learned from " being john malkovich " : when getting on the elevator for your
in my reviews i try to make gentle recommendations rather than telling you what to see or what
' pleasantville ' ( 1998 ) taps into hollywood ' s lack of integrity with subtle messages that
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . east
plot : a big - time momma ' s boy can ' t seem to leave his mother
it is an understood passion and an understood calm . bud white walks into the home of lynn
capsule : bleak and point - blank -- just the way it should be . makes its case
you don ' t have to know poker to like " rounders , " but it might help
melvin van peebles ' " sweet sweetback ' s baadasssss song " was a watershed moment in the
there seem to be two reactions to dark city . you either love it or you are unimpressed
for the first reel of girls town , you just can ' t get over lili taylor .
" the fighting sullivans " contains a major plot development in the last ten minutes that every movie
big courtroom thrillers have always captivated america . o . j . simpson , tom capano , the
time bandits , from director terry gilliam , is a very different fantasy action / adventure movie about
it seemed wholly appropriate that at a weekend screening of " the horse whisperer , " the start
charlie sheen stars as zane , a radio astronomer who listens for sounds from other lifeforms . when
field of dreams almost defies description . although it ' s about baseball , it ' s not
making a sequel to a widely beloved film is a weighty proposition indeed , especially when the first
let me first say that the conditions that i was forced to watch the matrix under were less
alchemy is steeped in shades of blue . kieslowski ' s blue , that is . with its
who would have thought ? jim carrey does drama . when i first saw the advertisement for the
capsule : this is a harrowing look at a rarely dramatized chapter of wwii , life in a
another ' independent film ' , this comedy , which was brought by miramax for $ 5 million
a frequent error is the categorization of a terrorist as a soldier or a common criminal . a
very few people would be unaware of beavis & butt - head ( both created and narrated by
let me start off by saying that leading up to the release of the latest bond film ,
seen september 5 , 1998 at 10 p . m . at the sony nickelodeon theaters ( boston
the characters in " palmetto " collectively sweat enough to fill lake erie , and it ' s
" you ' ve got mail " is the very definition of a " cute " movie .
with the sudden liberal emergence of personal privacy abounding in the news lately , what with that whole
mary norton ' s children ' s book series , the borrowers , has been made into several
touchstone pictures and spyglass entertainment presents a birnbaum / barber production in association with a jackie chan films
the reunion film is not an original idea in any way , shape , or form . it
once upon a time a solitary ogre named shrek ( mike myers ) was really annoyed to discover
some movies have such an impact that they linger in your mind long after the credits have rolled
` run lola run ' , a german import that gained a stellar reputation at the sundance film
in " the sweet hereafter , " writer / director atom egoyan takes us beyond the tragedy of
when i first heard about scream in 1996 , i was told that it was a spoof of
in present day hanoi , three sisters reflect on their parents ' relationship while trying to define their
star wars : episode i - the phantom menace review a review by jamey hughton stars ) starring
bob the happy bastard ' s quickie review : i must admit , no doubt ' s single
while watching " shallow grave , " i found myself periodically noticing thematic similarities to the coens '
since most movies about slavery shield us from the true horrors of what they ' re portraying ,
usually a movie is about something more than a soiled rug , but not the big lebowski .
with the opening scene of a young couple in a van pulling up , loading their guns ,
it ' s not often that i laugh so hard at a movie that my head hurts .
it ' s hard not to recommend " the others . " the supernatural thriller , written and
" a private matter " is based on the true story of sherri finkbine and the events in
director jan de bont certainly knows how to make top quality action films . you need look no
after indecent proposal and up close and personal , redford was wise to direct himself in a picture
sam ( matthew broderick ) is an astronomer in a small american town and engaged to teacher linda
copyright 1996 graeme huggan carry on henry is all about henry viii and his eight wives ! sid
this " dumb " cowboy blondie who thinks he is a ` darn ' good loverboy , decides
playwright tom stoppard and screenwriter marc norman took on an astonishingly difficult task : they wanted to write
titantic , writer and director james cameron ' s much anticipated and sometimes ridiculed $ 200 , 000
the sweet hereafter could serve as a textbook example of the difference between television movies and " real
( warning to those who have not seen seven : this review contains some spoiler information . )
modern audiences are more likely to be familiar with les misirables from the pop - broadway musical rather
i was born in 1970 , which makes me barely old enough to remember bell buttons , 8
i remember making a pact , right after ` patch adams ' , to not be easily be
vannesa kensington : ` austin , do you smoke after sex ? ' austin powers : ` i
the premise of the new teen - targeted horror film ` final destination ' causes a recollection of
it is easy to see why the late stanley kubrick believed steven spielberg would be the perfect director
here ' s a word analogy : amistad is to the lost world as schindler ' s list
you know you ' re in for a truly different cinematic experience the moment you realize steve buscemi
a couple of months ago , when i first downloaded the face / off trailer from the net
those print and television ads trumpeting that " ' grease ' is still the word " are right
the party is one of those classic slapstick comedies that will leave you , at times , cracking
once again , the battle is dreamworks versus disney : earlier this year , the mammoth companies fought
eight years after its release , disney has decided to re - release the little mermaid theatrically for
in a flashback , the teenage girl in the eccentric family in the canadian film , the hanging
( dimension films , " scream 2 " ' s distributor , has asked press to say extremely
edward zwick ' s " the siege " raises more questions than it can convincingly answer or even
a movie that ' s been as highly built up as the truman show , with reviews boasting
go ' s is a gloriously slick hip machine . director liman ( who also photographed go )
what ' s shocking about " carlito ' s way " is how good it is . having
life is beautiful is a rare treat : a lighthearted comedy that tackles a very serious subject without
you ' ve probably heard the one about the priest and the rabbi , but never with the
naturally , at the core of leon gast ' s " when we were kings " is the
kolya is one of the richest films i ' ve seen in some time . zdenek sverak plays
anna and the king strides onto the screen in full regalia , wearing a brilliant suit of sumptuous
while screen adaptations of john irving ' s novels have been disappointingly uneven , the films have all
scream 2 has a titillating little scene that lays down the unwritten law of horror movie sequels quite
devotees of robert a . heinlein , be forewarned : paul verhoeven ' s starship troopers is less
no , it is not a bad film , in fact it is so good in achieving its
the " italian hitchcock " and acknowledged master of the giallo murder - mystery dario argento again offers
film adaptation of hunter s . thompson ' s infamous semi - autobiographical hallucinogen - fueled book of
what is freedom ? how does one determine who is free ? in 1839 , those questions were
your friends and neighbors is a rather bizarre film about 6 people , who hop in and out
i love this movie , and i ' ve just seen for the umptenth time . unfortunately ,
i remember seeing the trailer of the black cauldron on the pinocchio video . it really scared me
quiz show , an almost perfectly accurate true story , is based upon the events of the popular
is jimmy stewart the greatest actor of all - time ? it ' s quite possible . his
every once in a while you see a film that is so effective in delivering the goods that
men in black is an explosive mix of science fiction , action , and comedy that hits the
ralph fiennes is carving out a nice niche for himself in the genre of period piece romances .
in october of 1962 the united states found itself on the brink of nuclear holocaust when u2 spy
true faith and its expression through organized religion is a difficult subject for a motion picture to tackle
when a someone journeys to the theater to see a comedy , he always risks having to sit
almost a full decade before steven spielberg ' s saving private ryan asked whether a film could be
in these days of overlong movies ( meet joe black , the thin red line , the mask
dark city is such a rare treat : it ? s a stunning , hyperkinetic vision of a
anyone who saw alan rickman ' s finely - realized performances in truly madly deeply and sense and
i want to correct what i wrote last year in my retrospective of david lean ' s war
recently i read 4 reviews of pleasantville - one from entertainment weekly , one from a newsgroup ,
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . the
robocop is an intelligent science fiction thriller and social satire , one with class and style . the
probably the most popular and praised film of all time , turned out to be a primitive and
cinema has been around for about a hundred years now . ? it ' s not my job
it ' s no secret in the motion picture industry that the relationship between a script and the
when andy leaves for cowboy camp , his mother holds a yard sale and scrounges in his room
david lynch ' s " blue velvet " begins and ends with colorful , bright shots of flowers
if chris farley had strapped some fake mutton - chop sideburns to each side of his head ,
" you leave little notes on my pillow . i told you a million times i can '
ingredients : lost parrot trying to get home , friends synopsis : a russian janitor named misha (
tempe mills cinema , az -- this movie had us in non - stop stitches from beginning to
there is nothing like american history x in theaters or on video . no other feature film takes
john von neumann , progenitor of the computer age and critically important mathematician on the manhattan project ,
as the small boats rock slowly toward the shore at omaha beach normandy on d - day ,
" the faculty , " the heavily - hyped and advertised sci - fi / horror film that
the central focus of michael winterbottom ' s " welcome to sarajevo " is sarajevo itself , the
after the average mouse hunt , the silly small soldiers and the entertaining antz , dreamworks try again
i have seen several ( but not that many ) woody allen movies . i didn ' t
fritz lang ' s first american film since leaving nazi germany , is an eye - opener about
veteran actor clint eastwood has never looked as grizzled as he does in true crime , his latest
those of you who frequently read my reviews are not likely to be surprised by the fact that
this is a stagy film adapted from roger rueff ' s play " hospitality suite . '' its
the coen brothers are back again , this time with homer ' s " odyssey " as the
contact ( pg ) there ' s a moment late in robert zemeckis ' s contact where i
satirical films usually fall into one of two categories : 1 ) long - term satire where everything
after sixteen years francis ford copolla has again returned to his favorite project , making the third installment
bruce willis is a type - casted actor . in die hard , he played john mcclaine ,
there must be some unwritten rule that states , one gets enlightenment not in the way one expects
did claus von bulow try to kill his wife sunny in their newport mansion ? that is the
driving miss daisy takes its sweet time to tell a small , intimate story . it ' s
when people are talking about good old times , they actually want to make some bad times look
note : ordinarily , moviereviews . org will not give away any critical plot points of a film
seen april 16 , 1999 at 10 p . m . at crossgates cinema 18 ( guilderland ,
mars attacks ! ( 1996 ) - c : jack nicholson , glenn close , annette bening ,
when i was asked to see this movie with a friend , my initial reaction was ? not
you ' d think it would be easy to spoof star trek , but try spoofing it without
in my review of there ' s something about mary , i said something to the effect of
showgirls is the second major outing for the production team of pual verhoeven , director , and joe
it has been three long years since quentin tarantino stunned the cinema world by claiming the cannes film
one of the biggest cliches of any serial killer film is also one of the most believable .
i was originally going to give the spanish prisoner two and half stars . from my first viewing
an unhappy italian housewife , a lonely waiter , a goofy masseuse , lots of love , and
after the terminally bleak reservoir dogs and the brutally violent pulp fiction , jackie brown seems like something
upon taking a seat at the theater , and surveying the crowd , i soon realized that i
in may of 1977 , just 2 years after steven spielberg ' s success with jaws and 3
` strange days ' chronicles the last two days of 1999 in los angeles . as the locals
there ' s a thin line between satire and controversy , and mike nichols ( the birdcage ,
it was only a matter of time before a dilbert - esque office comedy hit the screens .
all those who were offended by there ' s something about mary should not tread in the waters
albert brooks saves the day , just in the nick of time . with a very poor summer
for more than a decade , anjelica huston has been one of america ' s finest actresses .
razor blade smile running as part of the vancouver international film festival played october 2nd and 4th ,
pitch black is a sheep in wolf ' s clothing . it is full of darkness , danger
seen february 15 , 1998 on home video ( borrowed from chris wessell ) . when it comes
" sometimes the ' green mile ' seems sooooo long . " indeed . and any filmmaker with
i guess there are those who have never been kissed before ( a rare and dying breed )
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . "
in chocolat , a chocolate shop owner tells her customers to look into a spinning object of obscure
while alex browning ( devon sawa ) waits at jfk to leave for a school trip to paris
assume nothing . the phrase is perhaps one of the most used of the 1990 ' s ,
the question isn ' t why has grease been reissued . the answer to that one is easy
let ' s face it : since waterworld floated by , the summer movie season has grown *
if beavis and butthead had a favorite movie , from dusk till dawn would probably be it .
the small - scale film , in limited release , " waking ned devine " is a pleasant
warren beatty ' s " bulworth " is a caustic political comedy that doesn ' t attack any
when i saw the trailer for this film , i laughed harder than i had in quite some
plot : a young recruit gets plucked out of nowhere by the number one gangster in london and
bruce lee was a bigger - than - life martial artist ( and ) actor . bruce '
clint eastwood , in his ripe old age , is cashing one talent in for another . midnight
meet joe black is your classic boy - meets - girl , boy - likes - girl ,
buffalo ? 66 is a very rarely known movie that stars vincent gallo and christina ricci . gallo
after being hypnotized , a man believes there is a ghost in his house . the review two
being the self - proclaimed professional film critic that i am , i am somewhat embarrassed to admit
my summer was recently saved by two very different movies . on opening night , i saw american
so many students strive to get into schools such as harvard of princeton , but they just don
available for rental - october 12 , 1999 10 things i hate about you is an update of
my filmcritic . com colleague norm schrager nailed session 9 , brad anderson ' s throwback to spooky
what i look for in a movie is not necessarily perfection . sometimes a movie has such strong
mike myers , you certainly did throw us a ? frickin ' bone here in what you call
it is with hesitance that i call " apocalypse now " a masterpiece . certainly , it had
the verdict : spine - chilling drama from horror maestro stephen king , featuring an outstanding , oscar
an indian runner was more than a courier . he * became * the message he was carrying
seen july 8 , 1998 at the crossgates cinema 18 , ( albany , ny ) , theater
not since attending an ingmar bergman retrospective a few years ago have i seen a film as uncompromising
after a successful run in australia last year , and with much critical praise heaped upon it ,
every once in a while , a film sneaks up on me and takes me completely by surprise
" through a spyglass , i could see everything . " king louis xvi was beheaded on january
wong kar - wei ' s " fallen angels " is , on a purely visceral level ,
city of angels is the kind of love story that i enjoy the most : thought - provoking
have you ever wondered if death is something that simply happens naturally , at any given moment ,
originally entitled dancing about architecture ( i . e . " talking about love is like dancing about
" well this is not mission : difficult , mr . hunt , it ' s mission :
robert redford is very good at playing characters who have incredible , god - given gifts , but
in roger michell ' s romantic comedy notting hill , william thacker ( hugh grant ) leads a
ingredients : man with amnesia who wakes up wanted for murder , dark science fiction city controlled by
every once in a while , when an exceptional family film comes along , i will attempt to
usually when one is debating who the modern queen of the romantic comedy is they will bring up
susan granger ' s review of " bread and tulips " ( first look pictures ) in this
" i know what you did last summer , " the first high - profile slasher thriller to
labelling is sometimes everything . in original mad max , the opening title set the plot of the
for those who associate italian cinema with fellini and " high art , " the son ' s
the word ' rest ' in the title should be stressed since this is a movie that lacks
airplane ! is considered among many to be the epitome of satire film - making . after all
this is the movie not the perfume . a slow moving , stylish psychological thriller in imitation of
the farrelly brothers ' third film , after dumb and dumber ( 7 . 5 / 10 )
when jim henson passed away , he left behind diverse legions of fans and a company whose ultimate
bob the happy bastard ' s quickie review : the mummy brendan fraser ' s stuck in the
the laserman : somehow the title of writer - director - producer peter wang ' s film conjures
imagine this . you ' re given a sword and a shield and very basic , minimal training
so here is the second of 1999 ' s remakes of classic horror movies . the first was
apollo 13 is simply one of the most dramatic film this summer ( apart from swashbuckling braveheart )
in _daylight_ , sylvester stallone breaks no new ground , cinematically speaking , but he covers familiar territory
perhaps the most dramatic changes in the motion picture industry in this decade have to do with special
let me open this one with a confession : i love cop movies . i adore them with
carla gugino graduates from high school and instead of staying in her small farming town , she goes
the soldiers of three kings have taken their cue from movies about vietnam . ( fitting , since
bill condon ' s " gods and monsters " is a fascinating look into the last days in
i must admit that i was a tad skeptical of " good will hunting " , based both
a cinematic version of one of john irving ' s novels is always cause for celebration even if
the only historical figure that has been written about more than william shakespeare is jesus christ , which
in 1912 , a ship set sail on her maiden voyage across the atlantic for america . this
the start of this movie reminded me of parts from the movie stargate . people are looking around
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . james
robert altman ' s cookie ' s fortune is that rare movie that does not depend on sentimentality
well i ' ll be damned . . . the canadians can make a good movie . the
hedwig ( john cameron mitchell ) was born a boy named hansel in east berlin . as a
niagara niagara ( r ) bob gosse ' s niagara niagara follows a blueprint not unlike a lot
notice : this is a review and analysis of exotica . the first part of this piece is
i actually am a fan of the original 1961 or so live - action - disney flick of
gere , willis , poitier chase each other around the world the jackal a film review by michael
it ' s terribly unfortunate that " stir of echoes , " tautly written and directed by david
usually when a blockbuster comes out , it ' s loaded with effects , stars , bad scripts
review - peter jackson ' s the frighteners has received some notice for setting the record for most
before you read my review , you gotta know that i love woody allen . this is a
susan granger ' s review of " legally blonde " ( m . g . m . )
what do you get when you combine clueless and dumb and dumber ? to answer the question ,
martin scorsese ' s triumphant adaptation of edith wharton ' s the age of innocence is a stunning
plot : a dude and his brother are driving cross - country and decide to fool around with
wyatt earp has a lot to tell and little to say . this story of the legendary lawman
when i first heard that kevin costner was making a movie called " the postman , " i
in zoolander , the world ' s most successful , influential and intellectually - challenged male model derek
originally titled ' don ' t lose your head ' , this parody of the scarlet pimpernel story
if there is one thing that bothers me about hollywood films it ' s their predictable endings .
ingredients : down - on - his - luck evangelist , church synopsis : sonny dewey ( robert
the most amazing thing about paul cox ' s innocence is how unlike a movie it is .
contact is a film that tries to do several different things . it is intended to present a
billy bob thornton , who had a sudden rise to fame with 1996 ' s sling blade after
tibet has entered the american consciousness slowly during the past few years and burst into the forefront recently
i swear i have seen the edge before . in fact , it reminded me of the bear
one of the more unusual and suggestively violent films ever made , " se7en " is just a
there are some works of art that are almost impossible to review , not because of their own
like the great musical pieces of mozart himself , amadeus is a true work of art . it
armageddon , in itself , symbolizes everything that is wrong in modern filmmaking . stories have been replaced
this is one of the most funny and entertaining comedies of the year and it just happens to
not too many people know who james whale is , but it ' s a safe bet that
when i initially set out to review this film , my tag line was going to be "
it ' s tough to really say something nice about a type of person who ' s so
synopsis : as a response to accusations of sexual prejudice in the armed forces , a female naval
the idea at the center of the devil ' s advocate , which is , thus far ,
scream 2 , like its predecessor , is a genre - crossing film . it is about 50
when i first saw the previews for ron howard ' s latest film , my expectations were discouragingly
ingredients : james bond , scuba scene , car controlled by cellular telephone synopsis : warped media tycoon
it is always refreshing to see a superstar actor who gets paid more than enough to forget about
if you thought baz luhrmann ' s radical take on _william_shakespeare ' s_romeo_ + _juliet_ was wild ,
meteor threat set to blow away all volcanoes & twisters ! summer is here again ! this season
there is a striking scene early in " city of angels , " where all the angels who
star wars : episode 1 - the phantom menace ( 1999 ) review by matt pusateri few movies
the premise is simple , if not bizarre . a mad scientist ( trace beaulieu as dr .
any movie about the underground music scene is a difficult beast to master . any meaning found in
steve martin took an extended vacation from all facets of moviemaking a few years back ; he spent
> from the man who presented us with henry : the portrait of a serial killer ( 6
how many of us would become strippers ? for those of us who wouldn ' t , is
director dominic sena ( who made the highly underrated kalifornia ) and producer jerry bruckheimer ( the rock
books could be , and indeed have been written about the star wars trilogy , and rightfully so
eddie murphy has had his share of ups and downs during his career . known for his notorious
cinematically speaking , gordon parks ' original 1971 _shaft_ is not a great film . a bit slow
uncompromising french director robert bresson ' s " lancelot of the lake " achieves the exact opposite effect
capsule : the best place to start if you ' re a jackie chan newcomer . roars along
the calendar year has not even reached its midway point , but that hasn ' t prevented columbia
an entertaining 2 hours awaits the audience in this film set in the early 80 ' s .
gordon fleming ( peter mullan ) is in a bind . he has a new , unexpected baby
the latest epos from lars is a blast , although a rather moody one . this lovestory is
anastasia contains something that has been lacking from all of the recent disney releases . . . (
i can hear the question already . what on earth do these two movies have in common ?
you ' ve got to think twice before you go see a movie with a title like maximum
in many ways , " twotg " does for tough - guy movies what la confidential did for
marie ( charlotte rampling , " aberdeen " ) and jean ( bruno cremet , " sorcerer "
is it just me , or have disney films gradually lost their appeal ? i was almost stunned
insane ( but inspired ) musical about alferd packer , the first man ever tried for cannibalism in
allen , star of many a brian depalma movie in the early eighties , has a brief ,
synopsis : in phantom menace the galaxy is divided into power groups whose interests will inevitably collide in
at one point during brian de palma ' s crime epic scarface , the radiant michelle pfeiffer turns
for any groom on the verge of proposing marriage to his girlfriend , there are certain rules that
i like movies with albert brooks , and i really like movies directed and written by albert brooks
( note : there are spoilers regarding the film ' s climax ; the election , of course
martin scorsese ' s films used to intimidate me . because of his reputation , i felt obligated
robert redford ' s a river runs through it is not a film i watch often . it
richard gere is not one of my favorite actors . however , i like courtroom dramas , and
" when you get out of jail , you can kill him . " starring ashley judd ,
let ' s say you live at the end of an airport runway . large jetliners continuously pass
in this good natured , pleasent and easy going comedy , bill murray ( ghostbusters , 1984 )
" no man is an island , " one character quotes john donne in apt pupil , effectively
i rented this movie with very high hopes . this movie got praise as one of the best
few films in 1999 have divided the critical consensus as sharply as alan parker ' s adaptation of
now that " boogie nights " has made disco respectable again ( well , fashionable at least )
this has been an extraordinary year for australian films . " shine " has just scooped the pool
i think the first thing this reviewer should mention is wether or not i am a fan of
trees lounge is the directoral debut from one of my favorite actors , steve buscemi . he gave
i wish i could say that there is something more to the new star wars installment than what
lisa cholodenko ' s " high art , " is an intelligent , quiet drama . its strongest
the relaxed dude rides a roller coaster the big lebowski a film review by michael redman copyright 1998
i don ' t box with kid gloves . i don ' t play nice , i '
here is a film that is so unexpected , so scary , and so original that it caught
plot : this movie takes place over one day . it ' s a rookie cop ' s
a thriller set in modern day seattle , that marked marky mark ' s migration from the "
wow ! what a movie . it ' s everything a movie can be : funny , dramatic
richard gere can be a commanding actor , but he ' s not always in great films .
glory -- starring matthew broderick , denzel washington , and morgan freeman -- is the true story of
steven spielberg ' s second epic film on world war ii is an unquestioned masterpiece of film .
truman ( " true - man " ) burbank is the perfect name for jim carrey ' s
